If you want bloating and uneasiness then this is the best place to order!
the veg Schezwan fried rice tasted like it has sand in them. very very bad.

noodles was bland in taste

paneer chilli is sweet

very less meat




there were stones in the rice and the taste is not upto the mark
worst ever pork preparation in my life. raw meat given. The chicken was also bad. disgusting taste. nothing near to what I ordered. I would have given 0 rating if it was possible.
extremely delicious chicken manchow soup. I try to taste chicken manchow everywhere i go..it's my fav..and I wasn't well today . I asked the restaurant to manage the soup spices accordingly and they sent such a delicious and fulfilling soup. definitely a fan
Too spicy and mushy
Manchow soup is poor in quality- no veg included, just chicken and egg


I had ordered for Chicken Cheese Momo. There was No CHEESE in any of the momos. It is very disappointing if you take customers for a ride


465rs is a Steep price for khow suey, but, and that's a big ass but, the taste is omg so good. It's a treat alright.




Once of the best garlic prawns I have had in Hyderabad.





Too much color and fat left on the ribs

Absolutely delicious, thank you!
There’s no egg in know Suey … egg enhances the taste but egg is not available

Decent taste but quantity not enough even for one oerskt
Chilli pork was good but expected it to be a bit more succulent and soft (belly pieces can help). Steamed momos were really fantastic. Thai chicken green curry was nice too.

pork chilli was extremely dry and HARD! could not be eaten. don't buy!!
egg fried rice , didn't have Thai basil. mostly egg and red colour rice!! VERY BAD! MONEY WASTE

This little joint in Shri Ram Nagar, Kondapur serves one of the best Tibetan cuisines you find in the city. It is a nice beautiful place with a cosy ambience, you have seating options with both chair-table and on the floor.
Coming to the main part, the food. We ordered Chicken kothey, Pork steamed momos, Salt n pepper chicken (fried) and Pork Hakka noodles.
The fried chicken was tasty with a strong flavour of pepper and is on a spicier side. The momos were the best part, tasted absolutely delicious and the Hakka noodles was also nice with a light flavourful taste.Each and every food was served steaming hot. Quantity was adequate and in line with the price range. Would certainly love to...read more
It was too sweet. It tasted like fries dipped in ketchup
stuff was raw cabbage.not good taste




Not served hot

Never had such under cooked pried rice and pork in my life . The pork portion is totally for fat and no meat! Haow can crispy pork be such bad taste and totally fat pieces. Have to waste the entire food. Fried rice is taste less , bland and the meat in the rice is no cooked
worst port and chilli chicken I have ever had. giving besan coating on miniscule pieces of pork. the chicken also had more coating than the chicken itself
very very spicy
very very spicy momos
Tandoori chicken momos were absolutely delicious. Lip smacking taste that was exactly like tandoori chicken. Loved it. Also very delighted with the amount of chicken in the momos and to see that it was properly spiced and not simply boiled chicken.







Price is too much. Chilli potato is tasty.



Bit too spicy and outer cover was too hard



Not expected. Little to no cheese in chicken cheese momo. Also seemed there was soy instead of chicken or may be the quality of chicken was bad.



it was sweet, and chilli sauce was not provided


Completely uncooked, too much fat used. Had to throw fully, couldn't eat.


Momo was not juicy it was very dry no taste at all , also very expensive
Amazing as always
momos are just awesome



I usually love the food from here... especially the chilli pork dry... itz yummmm but recently I ordered the chx pan fried noodles. Although the taste was good, the chicken itself tasted a lil wierd so I took all the chicken out and just enjoyed the noodles.
Food was bit on the saltier side. Otherwise taste and portion is really good.




Called the cafe and requested for regular chicken momos instead of schezwan which was ordered in error. Despite confirming they sent the spicy ones… which were hardly edible! Disappointed…

What a terrible place, people are not concerned about their customer service. Food quality is very poor and horrible. It was a Bad Dicision.
Please don't waste your money on this.


I can’t rate this as I didn’t receive my order. Really pathetic management of Zomato.




taste is not good






oh god the fried rice was worst never had such a bad fried rice


Its taste was superb.
Please keep its cost little bit lower.

dripping in ketchup, absolutely horrible to eat

All the broth was in polythene. Was too hungry to click a photograph as proof . Plus found it to be oily
the chicken pieces are spicy, I asked for non spicy chicken fried rice for my child.

Penang curry was good.can be still better
the chilli garlic noodles tasted just wow. they could tone down on the spicy quotient, and the hot sauce needs improvement. but keeping that aside it was worth it.
taste is really bad. the starter is full of ketchup which is not possible to eat

the portion and price didn't match. most importantly it was so sour (additional vinegar was added) making it difficult to eat. after eating few portions I had a scratchy throat for hours!

Just momos rest not upto mark too much of soy sauce even after sending back added more soy to it make more darker can’t eat or take home bad.




They asked us to look at the online menu where the prices were different from what they billed us for. Moreover even after asking for receipt they said they don't give an invoice
Best momos in town

when I first ordered Thupka it was awesome. but this time it is just average. all other items are really bad. there is too much of colour, coating and taste is very bad
Horrible experience. There was dalda and hydrogenated fat dripping from the chicken filling. Left a very greasy mouth feel. Pathetic.
The momo filling was full of dalda or hydrogenated fat. It left behind and extremely greasy mouth feel. The melted dalda dripping from the filling solidified on the plate within minutes. Horrible experience. Will never order again from here.


Sorry, I will eat only non veg but this many days I am eating veg because I am in lens Days for Good Friday.

Extremely spicy momos and most pathetic thai curry I have ever eaten, had to throw away everything
Took close to an hour for the delivery. When actually the estimated time for delivery was only 30 minutes. Not at all impressed. There are delivery charges of 44 rupees for a mere 1 km distance. I don't think it justifies the wait. more so for such a big delay. Probably that's why have not been ordering from Zomato of late.
Full of oil
And Maida






It’s a worst thukpa I have ever had, no noodles in it at all
the food was smelly
Loved the taste , quantity and quality

Lot oil/greasy. You can feel greasy all inside your mouth. Thupka was just spicy water. Lost its taste and quality over time


The fact that vanaspati was added to it, it was thoughtless and ruined the experience.




0 ratings for this
too dry





Very bad quality food
worst food ever





Provided smelly chutney with momos
Cold and manchurian tasted rotten.
very less number of meat pieces. and most are fatty pieces. not a good experience.










This place does not have proper interior and it's not air-conditioned and walls are not properly cleaned. Food wise we tried pork momos which were delicious and special chicken momo which was good in taste.
The food was spilit
Don't dare to order or eat here. Food tastes like animal urine and shit. You will fall sick or maybe even die.
Found a rubber band in thukpa
Worst


the food delivered was of worst quality and stinking

Ordered chicken red Thai curry and got green Thai curry 🙄



Best authentic Thai restaurant for delivery in Kondapur area 👍 I hope they fix/paint their restaurant for better dine-in experience
Its not fried momo its only dipped in oil for 0.5 sec its not called as fried momo. please give me refund.
the whole experience was bad. will never order from here again.



Try to upgrade the quality and taste of food.



The pork quality could've been better


Order in the afternoon time and the momo has no taste it feels like stuffed boiled chicken with no masala or salt in it


Okay okay.not that great
Everytime I feel a little sore in the throat, I see it as an excuse to have Chicken Thukpa. It is so savoury, so Umani. It immediately heals my body.

10/10 would recommend.

The taste is not as good as ot used to be.
food is brilliant - pls keep up the good work
Worst taste.. I never ate such type of food in my life
Very very unhealthy and tasteless food




Taste is gud...gud quantity...satisfying

i ordered dry they gave me saucy wet and sweet chicken starter



Location: Fairly easy to locate, this cafe is on the main road yet far from the buzzing sound of traffic.
Hospitality: The owner is far too kind, ready to accommodate and cater to what you’re looking for. I had the tastiest food, catered as per my preference. Even their seating is quite unique, allowing more space for conversations and togetherness!
Food: Being a pork lover, I especially loved the pork momos. We also ordered pork thukpa, pork noodles, and pork chilli. The thukpa was one which could cure my sore throat, and keep me slurping on the yummiest noodles!

I don’t think any other place in Hyderabad serves Nepali and North Eastern food with such authenticity. Their food is pure love. Momo, Thukpa, Jhol Momo. Fried Rice, Soup … tried everything from their menu. And as someone who has experience in Asian food, take my word … this place is heaven.

First of all, as soon as you put ONE whole pork momo in your mouth - your whole world just start to melt away and just engulfed by this insane dimension of cloud of fat and flavour and juice. All your taste buds doing at this point, thanking you so much for giving them that.



the momos were less juicy than usual
Too spicy
dalda used in momos, worst ever momo
fried rice has sand in it its disgusting


Not received delivery


chicken was undercooked, dough was tasteless
horrible experience

Excellent
a little pricey but yummmmmm.....

i loved their food. I've ordered from different. accounts before and orderin again and will order in future as well. as a fellow cloud kitchen owner, i am happy to rate them 5

it's not crispy at all

good food



The veg manchurian was horrible.It was not fried properly and it tasted like eating raw flour.It was very oily

usually I use to like Zomato about today order I've mentioned of needful.😊

Will order again.now in my top list of “food order” places . Next time will call and ask to customise the taste a little

Its a big disappointment hows things have turned south for me at himalayan cafe. It used to be my favourite momo place. Since last 3 times, i had multiple problem in momo - its too salty, too spicy or not cooked. They have stopped putting heart in. NEW FAVORITE IS "7 SISTERS" much better momos/dimsums.

The whole concept of Momo is a fair balance between the sauces and the momos. This outlet gave decent momos but horrible sauces. I ordered 4 chicken steamed momos and I was so disappointed with the sweet yucky flavored sauces. Really disappointed, will never order from this place again. I wasted 800 bucks for bad Momo and sauce combination.

it troubled my stomach a lot

excellent
I was requested that i remove the review, and that they would sort this, but they never came back. I wanted re write so that people won't waste money going there. The fish was stinking, we asked the staff to check but they have not responded well.

dont wanna say anythin


Kudos to the delivery boys and the working class!!




The place is very unhygienic and had the worst experience when we went to dine. There were 2 menus apparently and we looked at the menu kept at the table. After we ordered and finished the food, the waiter says that the prices have increased (60-70rs more per dish mind you). When we told the waiter why he hadn't informed earlier he just said that it's an old menu and prices have increased.!! There is only one waiter who takes orders, serves food, takes payment. The guy had disappeared for good 20mins and we had to wait for the bill. Absolutely worst experience. Please close dining service if you can't even have proper staff to serve customers. Pathetic customer service. Never going back!!
I don’t write reviews.. but this place is worth it
Should not try things they are not pretty sure of, please keep a smaller menu and focus on specialisation if any


Authentic taste, highly recommended. Excellent delivery and packaging.
Thukpa and momos are the best from here

served non veg instead of veg


Terrible food. Tasteless noodles. Paneer full of ketchup . Momos badly packed, stuck to each other and broken and tasteless .



Always amazing. Such a good find.





Such filling and tasty momos. Highly recommend.

as always , the best chinese food in this area





don’t ask to specify spice level when you can’t follow instructions
something other than crispy honey chicken was delivered, it was extremely spicy and tested very bad
Chilli Garlic Pork Noodles 😍😋
Pork Steamed Momos 😍😋
Nepalese Pork Thukpa 😍😋

The taste of all these Pork delicacies were superb. Looking forward to taste many more Pork delicacies of this restaurant. Rates of all their delicacies have been increased.

Avoid mixing red chillies in momos...it's not authentic.Else it's perfect 👍



I heard that this was the best place in Hyderabad for momos. However, I was bery disappointed. The filling in veg steam momos was raw and tasteless, the momo chutney also was not upto the mark. Momos were pretty dry and we couldn't eat more than one. I think they have stuck to authentic Tibetan style momos, I'm not sure. The paneer chilli starter was excellent. I've never had such soft paneer and the flavours were absolutely perfect. The Egg and Chicken thukpa were good, it would be amazing for a cold winter day. The flavours were mild and not too spicy. I expected more but not to my liking personally. Overall, I believe their menu is authentic Tibetan. But the food was not satisfactory.



The condition of this place is awful. Food was not fresh. They are serving frozen momos. We order Pork chops and the meat was cold inside and not cooked properly. Even noodles and fried rice was substandard. Over all experience in is Dissatisfactory.
excellent 👌
portion size was less compared to last time. perhaps because zomato is pushing small businesses to pay more commission to zomato
Below average food and very overpriced for the quality of food.
Had an amazing time having those lovely, juicy momos cooked in proper Tibetan style. Their Hunan chicken and the Thai curry is Micheline star level. Happy tummy!
I can't believe it's taken us this long to head over to the Himalayan Cafe. We've been clearly missing out on the best momos in town for a long time. The filling is succulent, the sauces give the right amount of hit and these are the most authentic I've had outside of the actual Himalayas.
The soup and momos are amazing ❤️ we ordered pan fried momos and monchow soup and it tasted soo fresh. The momos were so juicy and tasted very good 😊

No mayonnaise/sauce received this time

as always best food ... best chineae in the area. they mever fail to give best food. just love this place ...

this place is my favourite at the moment and I keep finding more excuses and more people to keep going back there with! the food is tasty and filling and keeps you going back for more! definitely a must visit!


Momos served are juicy inside with a really good flavour in the filling.
Pork Chilly was crunchy outside well coating in sauce. Good serving over all.
Thukpa served here light and flavourful.
I recommend visiting place this for dining over a take away.
Keep up the good work with Momos.
I enjoyed my dinner here
the chilly chicken dish was spoilt

The food is not cooked properly. It's no where even near to be being called as crispy
excellent Chinese food


as always , the best Chinese food, n Honey Chilli Potato is just super good
Hands down, one the best momos I've had in my life! I usually don't enjoy red meat but their pork momos were excellent! I had a chance to have a small rendezvous with the owner of this place - an ex-Google employee who quit his job after a decade to start this business. He went after his calling and set-up this cute tiny and homely place that serves the best Tibetan, Nepali and Himalayan cuisines! I am definitely visiting them again.
Special shoutout to their Nan Thod Potatoes and Thupkas... Delicious 😋!!!
very bad momos, had to throw away everything.. could not have a bite, something very strange was put into them, need compensation
as always best food. I think no one can make green curry as these guys can make. for any other item too, we can just blankly pick any item and choose and try, it wud b best
most of the dishes were too high on sweet, including chilli chicken and pan fried noodles
Healthy, delicious and well cooked. The pork thupka is a must try
the pork were hard and chewy, noodle was good expectations were high compared to price
One should definitely come here for the momos . I tried spicy coriander chicken momos and Thai red curry and both were fabulous. Portion size is good for the price compared to any other restaurant.
Menu is quite authentic for Tibetan food.

This is the first time where i had pork ribs which was full of fat and had no meat . This is not expected in pork ribs .
The Himalayan Cafe is located on the first floor in the building right beside KS Bakers near botanical garden. Its kind of tough to fond sometimes because of small banner in such a clumsy area.

The place looks old and the building (stairs and ground floor) is very unhygienic. The restaurant has floor seating, with basic ambience.

Coming to the food, this place is very famous for its tasty and authentic momos. So we tried
1. Spicy Coriander momos, steamed momos with 3 sides. One is regular momo sauce, and a tomato flavoured tangy sauce and a ginger flavoured sauce. I loved all of them. The momos tasted so good and these sides made it even better
2. Jhol momos, momos in watery gravy....read more
received incorrect item (veg thukpa instead of chicken thukpa)
as always the best chinese food. any other u can order and you would be satisfied with the same. beat choice to satisfy your taste buds
Looking for great authentic food? This is your go to place! The vibe was amazing and so was the food! Value for money and the food - I can proudly say that they serve the best momos in town! A great place to hangout with your loved ones ! 👍🏻😃 The host is kind and helpful! You must try - Chicken Schezwan Momos and Chicken Spicy Corrainder momos 👍🏻😃
Amazing taste and they followed instructions for one of the dishes delivered to put less chilly for my kid. We all LOVED it!
One of the worst momos I have ever had, fried momos were smelling cheap. Wanted to try something different with jhol which was another disappointment with no flavours with over burnt gravy. Won't be eating momos for a while, paisa barbaad.
I didn't dine looking at the facility. .during covid times no safety followed and rats running..poor handling of food... unhygienic place...
The pork chili is just large chunks of hard and chewy pieces of pork. Best to avoid this dish. I threw the whole dish away.
food was nice and good but they missed out on giving a chutney/sauce for the momos. that's something very essential for momos

The momos were good. Other than nothing else was good. The food was bland and not fresh. Taste wasn’t great. Burnt garlic fried rice was just fried rice. Schezwan fried rice was sweet and very very bland. It isn’t worth the 4.1 star rating.
The food is bland. No salt in any of the item. Isn’t worth the 4.1 star rating.
as always best food. this is my 3rd meal of the weekend from the same place. so one can imagine how good this place is
as always awesome food. first time tried Chicken Thupka and Chicken Green Curry. both were fantabulous
know suey had a strong pungent taste. not as per my taste buds.
Horrible!
They need to learn how to prepare chilli pork! Go and visit kolkata please!
Ordered Chicken Cheese Steamed momos and Pork Steamed Momos..
I tell you guys, it was delicious..
One of the best momos that I ever had.. I am from Northeast and there we have the best momos, and will tell you, this restaurant is definitely going to give them a run for their money..
the chilli pork was all fat and no meat... didn't expect this to happen
coating is way much and portion of pork was also way lesser
is there a reason to add bamboo in the fried rice? felt so rough. half of the time went it picking out bamboo. i never knew that Tibetan meal has bamboo in the meal.
as always the best food, authentic nice delicious food. varieties of options to try from
I was expecting the the standard three dips as seen on google and by many reviewers online but only received one. Besides that all three dishes were good.
very oily... don't understand the need to put so much oil in steamed momos !!
jst yummy and it reminded me of my hometown sikkim. thank you👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
we ordered 2 plates of Momos and this place gives 3 chutneys usually.. but we got just a small packet of one type of it. this is unfair coz they charge a bomb for 6 momos!
Have been ordering form this place regularly for the last 2 years. My first disappointment with the food.
Panner was way too hard and Fried Rice was just not right. Had this weird smell to it. Maybe it's the heat but didn't feel have a good feeling about eating the paneer and fried rice.
Chicken was smelling bad and I have to throw it away.
Chicken Schezwan was sweet and soapy, gravy was like eating marble dust mixed with cornflour.

Veg Fried Rice tasted like ghee fried rice.

Completely spoilt the craving of having a good Chinese meal.
excellent food as always. without fail their food is always the best ... one can order blindly
very less meat portion. it was just batter only on tiny pieces of meat
The dish tasted authentic but the chicken pieces were chunky and a bit chewy (Not my liking). The curry tasted a bit sweet than the usual too. I liked the vegetables and the fragrance and the flavour of kaffir lime and lemongrass.
Great momos!


A great hole in the wall if you are in mood for momos. They are juicy and worth every penny you spend here.
Rice tasted like it had mud. Inedible and had to to throw it
The taste was awesome and unique , the best part is that everything in the menu is tomato free (me being allergic to them) . The momos were very delicious along with the dips . The thai red curry had a lot of veges and chicken which were lip smacking.









This place surprised me so much. The momos and Thai food are the best I’ve had. Good
Job and good luck








With no expectation, went to Himalayan cafe and I found best steam momos in Hyderabad. I have tasted momos in all the street shops as well as four / five star restaurants in Madhapur, Kondapur, Gachibowli Jubilee Hills in last four years, Himalayan cafe is the best so far. Even chicken wings are also yum, not much spicy. I heard thai foods are equally tasty here.

Cost is slightly higher than the street shops but definitely cheaper than all the restaurants serving momos in the town. Overall Nice experience.












excellent Chinese food. I ordered first time and became a great fan of this place. everything was perfect. taste, portion size was all good. packaging was also great. must try place I would say for Chinese food.









food was way too salty and very very very spicy.
very bad experience and will never order from you guys again









I loved the chicken steamed momos. very delicious and full of meat.
chicken thukpa was equally good and tasty.


had no clue whether we were chewing chewingum or pork pieces..

Probably was some other animal definitely didn't taste like pork. The guy who spoke with me acted like he was concerned About it buuut he didn't really give a damn.

I order veg khow suey online from this restaurant and was impressed by the taste. I decided for dine-in to try more dishes but was shocked at the unhygienic condition of the place. It had a foul smell right from the entrance steps. All the plates and bottles appear as clutter.
Ordered Chicken Khao Suey, Green Thai Chicken curry, Red Thai veg curry, and Chilli chicken. The food was sumptuous with just the right flavours. The portions were big. The packaging was meticulous - we had chilli flakes also given to us in a small box.

All in all, a wonderful experience!

P.S: Three of us ate the bowl of Khao Suey!!
The food served was fresh. The taste was very balanced. Khow suey has good amount of vegetables. The accompaniments are a delight.
The packing was bad as the gravy spelled out the container
We ordered for chicken n pork momos.2 type of noodles one egg another chicken.Momos was good but not awesome. Noodles taste ok type.If u are looking for budget friendly Chinese food then go for it.
I've never had steamed momos that were soo oily!...I've ordered from this place several times and have been in love with the momos but I'm done now. Everything was extremely spicy and oily and practically inedible. My whole family got burning stomachs after a few bites. And since we had plenty of left overs, I check the fridge the next day and saw the steamed veg momos filled with chunky bits of oil. Why was there so much oil?!

We managed a take away from this place ...loved the food, worth travelling for, good quality food, hygienic packaging, has so much on the menu to try for both vegetarians and non vegetarians. Loved it!!
Best service.... Awesome food
Lunch today - pork ribs, pork momos, chilly paneer and fried rice. Absolutely lipsmacking and delicious food from the himalayan cafe.
For the boy who loves pork, this is his regular place. Husband had specifications around meat and when i spoke to Vasudev (owner) he was kind enough to oblige and made sure our experience turns out nothing less than perfect.
Coming to the hygiene part, they follow WHO standards with 3 times temperature check for staff and also a temperature check for riders to ensure utmost care and hygiene. However we did sanitize once we got the food.

The restaurant previously only had the takeaway option and was my go to place for authentic momos. After knowing about ther new seating options, we thought of trying them out as momos taste better when hot ! This time we had the following

Chicken Thupka (3.5/5)
- Spicy, Soft noodles, Could be better

Chicken Cheese steamed Momos (5/5)
- Delicious, Soft, Melts in mouth

Chicken schezwan fried momos (5/5)
- Spicy explosion, Tasty

Chicken pan fried momos (4/5)
- Crispy, tender, juicy

They also provide three types of home made sauces. The spicy sauce is our favourite. The ambience is quite cozy with both table & floor seating options. We had a great time savouring the Himalayan momos &...read more
Take a moment and step back in time before THC. A hyderabadi’s definition of good momos was a small stand in Somajiguda. People flocked there to taste, “quality” momos, not knowing how delicious a momo actually could be.

Then THC steps in, and my palette for momos has changed, I’ve become snobbish. Travel to Delhi, Bangalore or Bombay and your nose is upturned as you remark “this isn’t as good as what you get in Hyderabad”.... “Hyderabad!?!?” They exclaim, and you leave with a knowing smile.

It’s not to often that praise as lofty as this be placed upon such a humble establishment, but herein I make an exception. Momos at THC have uplifted Hyderabadi cuisine a notch...read more




I have been ordering from the restaurant every weekend ..the momos are a must have ..they are sumptuous and full of meat and flavorful..authentic Tibetan food..a small place but worth the wait if your order takes time..owner is very friendly and helpful..
One of the best place serving the momos and thukpas in the town is near kondapur where we had some amazing food. Along with some good ambience where you can have food in the nepali style on the floor. So we had schezwan chicken momos, chicken and egg thukpa, chicken steam momos, chilly momos, honey chilli chicken and a chicken skewer platter.. Among all we loved the momos and the chicken skewer platter.
Not for lovers of authentic food! When you see chilli flakes and layer of oil floating on your thukpa is when you know authenticity has gone for a toss. The fried rice was too dry, chicken in black bean sauce was nothing to rave about either .
I've been a regular here ever since I've discovered this quaint little place. The thukpa here is to die for and the owner will graciously offer to serve it 1/2 (it's a lot) if we order one for two people. The nan thod potatoes are some magic. And please try the pork momos as they are out of this world (any momo in general are worth a try). The pricing is ridiculously on point and can be a relatively budget friendly place for groups considering the amazing quality and quantity of food they serve. Much love♥️
Loved the pork momos and the khow suey here, the pork momos especially are so juicy and tasty! For the price range of most of these items I think its's a proper value for money place. Will be coming back soon :)
Ambience- The restaurant is really small with floor sitting. It will be really hot in the summers as there is no AC. The place is conjested.

Service: Its really slow. You can almost digest your dish by the time the next one arrives. There was only one server and he is probably serving notice period :D because he was very absent minded. He served us the wrong dish which we then sent to the right table. We asked for bowls for the thukpa and they gave us a serving bowl. Then they gave us cups which were not clean. So we had to sent them back again.
But the manager later came and apologized to us. He said that they have had numerous online orders and it gets so overcrowded on weekends that...read more
Jhol momo was good. Tasted it for the first time liked it. Service was rude and negligent.

If you are expecting something fancy, this is not the place for you. But the food is worth it! Go for the casual seating on the floor, enjoy the delicious food - the momos are super economical and fantastic. The main course options are authentic. Their Thai options and noodles are good. Go a bit early as last order for lunch is at 2:30 pm.

Well went there as the ratings for this joint on all platforms were pretty good.
Liked the idea of floor searing and the quiteness the place had. Lent it a good vibe. Now comes the food part. Order pork ribs home style,Himalayan spcl momos, Thai basil chicken fried rice. Except pork ribs the other 2 items didn't have much flavor to it, they weren't like under or over cooked but couldn't taste the dish for its ingredients.
Since it's a floor searing place u oughta remove ur shoes before u enter. But the place to remove ur shoe is right under the scorching sun with no benches to help u as well. Would have loved to have some shade n a bit of seating to help u with that
I usually don't leave reviews. But this placed surprised me so much. Good job team, u have an ardent fan in me !
Liked the food and the place even better.
No nonsense - just simple good food !!

Customer service was good and food super yum


One of the best place in Hyderabad to uncover the thai food. 🥗 They have varieties of option & you should try it once and it will make you regular customer of them. 😁
This is the best place to experience momos, thukpa and Thai food. Must visit place in Hyderabad.
If you are looking for any place to chill with your friends or special ones, this spot is your destination.
Asian cuisine at its best. Must try: Thukpa! We had momos & Thukpa.

Thankyou
Their momos are easily the best in Hyderabad. Try the jhol momos for a unique take on the ubiquitous momo.

The seating area is small and service can be a tad slow. However, the food more than makes up for these minor inconveniences.

The owner is friendly and can give you suggestions that are worth considering.
July 25, 2020July 25, 2020 by ishaniLeave a Comment on The Himalayan Cafe – Best momos in Hyderabad. Being from North India and spending 2 years in Delhi before coming to live in Hyderabad, the sadness of not getting cheap and tasty momos in every nook and corner is unexplainable. I did give many expensive momo platters a try too. Wok Republic, Shanghai Chef, Urban Asia. Sadly none was satisfying enough, other than Indian Foodies Hub (but it was like 30 kms from my place). After craving for good momos for about 2 years, in 2017 I finally got to know about THC – The Himalyan Cafe.
How much worst it can get than this? The worst I had so far. Soggy, bland, n 🤮
Must Visit


Tried

Veg steamed momos
Veg thukpa
Veg jhol momos

Really loved all the items. Best momos i could found in Hyderabad city. Must visit place. Great seating. Visit during a weekday to save some waiting time.
Imagine having some chocolate brownies in the midst of Himalayas, the thought itself is so exhilarating right!!
Now what if you have a cafe that looks more like a prototype of the himalayan atmosphere. Such a cool thing right!!
Well, this cafe has got all the cozy corners to make it feel like one, expect for there is no snow & steepness, with floor seating; it makes it feel more comfortable and at home.

Since I don't prefer Chinese, I happened to order crispy chilli potato which didn't taste that great.

Chocolate brownies were definitely at their best!!!
I so effing loved them. Highly recommend to try them, I'm sure they will be solely sufficient to treat your chocolate cravings.

I...read more

A must visit place if you like pan fried noodles!

You can also try momos which are quite good.

Place is small and cozy, I liked the seating and the pictures they have on the walls.

Be prepared the service is a little slow.

Will visit again :)


This place is an absolute heaven for non vegetarians. The sheer number of options that they have in terms of chicken, beef, mutton, pork etc. will blow your mind. I, being a vegetarian really didn't have many options to choose from, but all my other friends were spoilt for choice.
If you love to eat non vegetarian, and want to try different flavours of them, you should definitely visit this place.

It gets really crowded on the weekends and the service is also a little slow, but the food taste is definitely worth it
Amazing food ..one of the best Chinese food I have had in Hyderabad! Will surely visit again
This is a very good place for Asian meals. Best fried momos i have ever had, not oily at all. Now with the newly open seating arrangement, it seems better. The food is yummy and a must try place. Also if someone likes pork, try their pork starters, they are pretty good.
Was recommended this place by my friend for the food. Hopped in here on a Saturday! Quite a quaint restaurant with cozy interiors. The place gets quite crowded on the weekends. I ordered for some pork steam momos and pork ribs in BBQ sauce. I really enjoyed the Momo's as they were very tender and juicy from the inside. The ribs were very well done and was quite tender. The ribs were a bit too saucy ,and I expected it to be a big dry , but no complaints on the quality and taste. Had a wonderful time here !
Visited this place on a Friday night. Was lucky to find a table to sit. Ordered Chicken Manchow, Veg thupka, Chilli chicken and Himalayan special chicken momos.
The momos were done to perfection. The dips complimented them really well.
Chilli chicken was tasty but the chicken was a bit hard.
Veg thukpa had the right amount of spices and tasted good.
Manchow soup stole the show with good amount of chicken and perfect consistency. It was as authentic as it can get.

Overall the place is a must visit for anyone craving Asian food. The service though was not upto the mark. They had no spoons and picked some from a nearby table, washed it and gave it to us all in front of our eyes which kind...read more
If you want to eat stones and dry rubber, come to this place and order the food. Super dry chicken and pork. Not tasty. Pretty overrated. Service is pretty shit as well. Don't go if you are from Kolkata and have had Chinese food all your life and know what food tastes like.

Shit food. Shit place. Shit service. Shit ambience. 0/5 stars.

Idiot server doesn't even understand what people are saying.

Chilli garlic noodles is more like tumeric noodles. What is wrong with Zomato for this place to have 4.4 rating
Loved the food!!!
We ordered chicken steamed moms and chicken tukpa....
Must say one of tbe very few places for a good momos.... The best in the nearby locality.

Chicken thukpa was also great

Definitely a must try place
Tried a new potato dish and it tasted good.
Undoubtedly the best Khowsuey in Hyderabad. Their Momo's are awesome too.
Very pleasant

Absolutely the best place for soft, scrumptious, juicy and no-nonsense momos! The sauces you get with the momos are delightful - a sesame seed chutney, chilli sauce - wow, they make a wonderful addition to the momos. Their veg fried rice and chilli chicken are very good.
I would recommend having momos and soups out here. You can also try Thai dishes and also rice-gravy dishes. The ambiance is so good and so are the hosts. They claim to use no-preservative, purely organic ingredients. Best place to have genuine Chinese dishes and avoid curry leaves :D :D
A lovely place and a lovely experience. Hyderabad has not been able to wow me in terms of chinese yet but this place definitely carries a whole lot of flavourful potential.

The restaurant is on first floor, has table seating and floor seating options as well. It's much fun to sit squatting on the floor and eat from the low tables.

The momos are beautiful, especially the steamed ones. We also liked the Pork Breast dish as well. Looking forward to this place fine tuning it's offerings. Recommended. Will visit again.
Must try. Excellent food super yum 😋😋
I have been eating momo’s from my childhood and have a fairly good knowledge of momo’s.When i ordered pan fried momo’s and even asked the waiter to make it spicy with my knowledge that it would be pan fried in sauce.What i got was momo’s slightly fried and cold.And service is so slow.
I have had many momos in my small lifetime of 30,and the best momo of chicken I have ever had on this planet is at the Himalayan Cafe, hands down.
Just the filling alone is enough, I didn't even want to dab on the chutneys, not that they were any less in flavor, but added more heat to the dumpling.
And then the Pork Thukpa, mammamia.. Just an amalgamation of delicious broth, tender pork pieces wrangled with soft noodles and crisp veggies.. Just one of a kind. A must try, especially for people who wanna try Pork for the first time.
Danke Schon Himalayan Cafe(Birrrrppp)
Always been a fan of THC, but this was the first time I went for their dine-in experience. They have a very nice and cosy space where one can have a delicious meal in comfort and peace. We tried the Veg Schezwan Fried Momos, Tom Yum Soup, Nan Thod Potato and (the ultimate) Khow Suey. Each and every item was perfect! The soup was flavourful and the potatoes had a very nice crunch to them. Momos are their thing, so nothing can go wrong with that (The sesame sauce deserves a special mention, it's SO good). The khow suey was very rich, right from the presentation to its taste! Though I'm a vegetarian, I've heard great things about their pork items from others. Friendly staff and prompt...read more
They have newly opened the sitting area and we made a casual visit today. The ambience is cozy and minimalist...which gives a proper Tibetan vibe..love it.

We ordered :
Himalayan special chicken momo
Pan fried chicken momo (kothe)
Jhol momo
Thai red chicken curry
Chicken thukpa..
Every dish is amazing .... bang on and gives authentic tibetan feeling.. which is bliss for tummy..
Momos are so well stuffed and extremely flavourful and soft...
Our best try was Himalayan special chicken momo which is worth 5 star and spicy jhol momo which is finger licking good ....
Pan fried momo also tastes unique and yum.
The quantity of chicken thukpa is tummyful.
Just I felt red thai carry can be little...read more


Don't order from this place. These guys literally sent me rotten food. Had to throw it in the garbage.


Unbelievably good. The chicken momos were amazing. Juicy and filling. Amazing quality. Definitely ordering again.


So far, the best place to have delicious Momos. There are a lot of variations of chicken Momos. Pork Momos were delicious as well.
If you love spicy ones, don't miss out on trying Chicken Coriander Momos.
Every piece comprises of 90% filling. Out of all the places, The Himalayan Cafe stands out.
Best momo in town! 💕
The place is very small and there is no signboard of the restaurant.. Hence we struggled a bit to find this restaurant. And I thought of giving 3 or 4 star because of this.. However the dishes were so good that I had to change my mind! Chicken jhol momo.. Pork steamed momo and chicken thupka we ordered.. Quick service and affordable price.. Dishes were delicious.. Loved it..
Very difficult to spot this corner!! No sign boards no directions.. after asking some local people we spotted this place. Cannot accommodate more than 6 people at a time if sitting. But food.. mind blown! We ordered pork momos, chicken thukpa and jhol momos! Amazing taste!! Quick servic.. low on pocket.. m gonna try Nasi goreng and chilly pork next!

This place is an exquisite delight for the people who crave for a good mountain food. We order MOMOS, chicken garlic noodles and coriander chicken. Each of the dishes were delight to eat. The MOMOS were so juicy and stuffed, it felt like burst of flavours inside the mouth. To add to it was the noodles and the gravy. Though its a small place, they have plans to open up a bigger version of themselves, and I'm sure once they do that, this place will be a fan favourite place.
They made a mark, simple and sweet

Ordered Veg Fried Momos
via Zomato Eazy. Received momos and sauce in well packed and decently hot conditions. The size of momos was good and wasn't much oily even after being fried. Magic Sauce was spicy enough to complement the momos. Momos were filled with regular vegetables like onion, carrot, cabbage. 

Foodance Ratings :

Taste - 4/5

Quality - 4.5/5

Quantity - 4/5

Cost Effective - 3.5/5

Hygiene & Packaging - 4/5

Temperature - 3/5

Foodance fav momos were here from rightly experimented place and loved to shell out overall rating of 3.83
Veg thukpa 3.5/5
If you want something really spicy..!! U might try this.
Hot n sour Soupy liquid along with panneer, cabbage, soft noodles with chilly flakes.
My bowl of thukpa was burnt though 😪
They serve the best momos in the entire Hyderabad. The fillings, texture, taste are just the best. You can never have just one plate of momos here, you are bound to order second and third serving and then end up having a meal of momos. We have tried chicken momos, chicken cheese momos, chicken coriander momos and Himalayan cafe special momos. All in steamed version and the star of the show is the Himalayan special momo.

We have also tried their chicken thupka which was really good . Have tried their nasi goreng noodles which were good as well. Recently we ordered burnt garlic egg rice and chicken chilly gravy. Rice was good but with little bit extra salt .

Do not expect a fancy seating...read more
This place used to be a 5-starter. I recently ordered from here only to realise that the food quality has deteriorated so much. The thupka was only chilly in cabbage and water. The momos were also only cabbage. So underwhelming. Not coming back for sure.
I ordered 'jhol' momos. It was great especially the the soup of the momos was delicious. I also had chilly fry it was also very nice. Overall it's awesome.
Well, I was surprised by the very first order that I placed with you people. After reviewing your ratings and price, I took a risk of ordering Chicken Nasi Goreng from your restaurant and to my amusement it was the worst one I had in recent time. I couldn't eat the food and had to throw away the food after paying a handsome amount of 310 rupees. The only taste I could get from the rice was salt. Kindly do justice to what you do and try to take the responsibility of people's time and money. If I would have been dinning in the restaurant I would have returned you the dish and not pay a single penny. But with zomato I had very little scope of doing anything. I am sure I am not ordering from...read more
Love, love, loved it!! Do not expect a fancy place.. This place is more of a cloud kitchen format with only 4 chairs and 2 tables for the guests to sit. Since we heard so much about this place from our friends, we had to do a dine-in experience.

An amazing place for orders but incase you want to experience the live kitchen experience then do not get startled by its experience - they have converted terrace into a makeshift kitchen!

What we ate: chicken thupka, chicken cheese momos and Himalayan special chicken momos!

We wanted to try more of their dishes especially the chilly chicken and thai curries but we were so full to swallow any other morsel! :-P Nevertheless, this is definitely...read more
The food is extra extra salty. Thai green curry was very sour. There is no place for sitting n hygiene seemed to be a little compromised. The food is not in accordance to the rating given to the restaurant
If you are someone who just doesn't like but love momos then this is the place to go to!!
I would recommend their pan fried momos and red thai curry. A must try for the lip smacking experience!
Delivery Review.

Food - 4.5
VFM - 4.5
Packaging - 4.5
Timeliness - 4.5

Ordered Thai Red Curry, served with steamed rice. Curry had the right Thai flavors and was ample for two. Ingredients were fresh as well. Only point to improve, the curry could be a bit thicker. Steamed rice was fine as well.
Two words! GREAT FOOD!!!!!
Classic steam and fried momos are soul of the place tried pork and chicken both were very good had a slim layer of flour and decent quantity of filling.

Their jhol momos are good but gravy was not upto my expectations it seemed like thai gravy i expected more of a creamy and thick gravy.

Tried chicken Bami goreng, it was real good all the vegies were crisp well balanced spicies and best part is noodles was not regular flour noodles it tasted good although my guess is it was mixed with gram flour

And lastly pork thupka it had a great taste pork was well cooked and a lil too much veggies for me but if u love veggies and soup a great choice it is.

NOTE : Their...read more
The Momo’s here are the best. The place is not quite convenient for dine in. Ordered a chef special black bean chicken along with rice which was ok. The Chicken Steam momos is the best in the menu.
This review is for home delivery.

During my stay in Hyderabad, I was looking for restaurants which provide pork dishes, and I found this gem. They had a few pork items in their menu, one of them being Pork Chilli Dry. I ordered the same dish from them a few times. The pork chilli dry they make is really good. Perfect pieces juicy pork along with chilli and capsicums.

Definitely worth trying north eastern cuisine from the Himalayan Cafe.
Its my first time ordering from himalayan cafe. Since long i have been wanting to eat something like mee goreng and found this bami goreng there is nothing to complain about.it just has that autentic mee goreng taste only missing thing was the usual bean sprouts.
We tried the thai green curry. It’s creamy and very tasty. Lemon grass and kaffir create an unforgettable taste. A must try!
Non-veg thukpa and hakka chicken noodles were also good.
I have ordered for these dishes online and unfortunately could not visit the place.
Authentic momos are hard to get in the city I live in.
However, we ordered pork and chicken thukpa.
Chicken cheese momo and chilli pork .
The momo is average and the chilli pork is kind of good ..Also the thukpa tasted average.
Thumbs up for the initiative but food taste is average and can be better.
If you love north eastern dishes and specially miss thukpa and can't control your cravings for pork , order food from this place or visit the place.
Unarguably the best restaurant in Hyderabad. Today I ordered chicken Hakka noodles, veg manchurian gravy and steemed Momos. The flavours were great and the food was packed well, no spills. The portions were great too.
Best chicken and pork momos you can find in hyderabad (don’t compare bangalore or Delhi ). Also the another thing to try is the chilli pork starter which is crispy and well cooked! You can do a pickup here but do go here to sit and eat there.
I have no idea why this place has 4+ rating. I ordered a few items from here and I almost puked. Crispy chilli potato without crisp and too much salt, street style hakka noodles so bland that you yourself want to go there and teach the guy how to make it. Hard luck restaurant was closed by then. I hope they will hire new chefs.
this is a small joint famous for its online orders
if u are visiting this place leave all ur expectations on ambience
spicy chicken coriander momos were amazing
veg fried momos were good too
and we also tried their chicken tukpa
its very authentic
An offbeat Tibetan delicacy place located near to Botanical Garden, this place is hard to find. The lack of sign boards and bustling street market made us go around twice. We were able to locate it finally post calling the restaurant. The place has limited seating area and is mostly takeaway. We decided to sit in and rejoice the fresh hot momos. We tried chicken steam momos and fried momos with schezwan, garlic and sesame sauce. The momos were cooked to perfection and sauces especially garlic and sesame sauce blended well with the taste. In the city of Nizams, there is a little touch of Asian food through this tiny restaurant. We would love to try its’ other delicacies in future.

—-...read more
Ordered chef’s special chicken momos with all the 3 dips and bami noreng ( chicken) . The momos were spicy and juicy and worth every penny. The best momos that I ever had.
Coming to Bami noreng, it is basically noodles tossed with veggies, egg and chicken and was spicy n sweet in taste. Definitely one should try if you love Chinese food.
Best momos I had in Hyderabad till date. Have tried many joints but was never satisfied and my soul was still in the search for that real flavour and my search ended here. Had pork, chicken and spicy chicken corriander momos each one of them was soq juicy and yummy. The sauces were damn good. Red chutney could be a bit more spicey though but still it tastes awesome.
It was a bit difficult to locate the place and the ambience is not like a restaurant as this place is meant to be a take away place but they have set up 2 small tables to sit if you wanna have it there.
Owner of the place is so friendly and nice guy.
I would recommend this place to all momo lovers and this is going to be my...read more
Walked 5 km to reach the place as part of my evening walk and must say worth it. First we jhol momos - Quite spicy but i liked the softness and those taste much better when you dip it in the gravy. Then we had chicken steam momos- again great taste and I heard these were prepared in an authentic style.
Certainly the Momos were better than many famous joints but to be honest I have had better.
With dozens of restaurants and eateries coming up in the city, it’s not uncommon to see passionate owners who strive to deliver only the best but to find that perfect team in the kitchen who complements the same proves to be a tedious task to most. Most such businesses either lose in the struggle to find that right match in the kitchen or to the changing market and demands of the people in the city. The Himalayan Cafe however, is one such unique spot which has achieved the right balance thanks to the brilliant leadership from the owner Vasudev Singh and the batallion of chefs supporting in the venture. Hailing from Nepal, the eccentric yet hearty cuisine of the mountains was something...read more
Best Thai curry in all of Hyderabad! Nobody makes good, creamy authentic Thai curry anymore—especially not in this city. But their yellow curry truly reminded me of why I fell in love with it as a teenager! So thank you! What’s more?—the veggie Thai curry is vegan, as it ought to be (unlike at most fancy Asian places where they use crappy non-vegan coconut milk powder)!
Its not that just restaurants have good food, like there are places which aren’t actually restaurants but their food is like much better than most of them serving a similar cuisine. The Himalayan cafe is one such place. Its a small place with just 4 chairs and two tables. The kitchen is much bigger when compared. It doesn’t have a good ambience but their food just compensates for all the negatives ( nothing apart from the ambience for most us us).
This place delivers AMAZING momos. I typically order chicken ones however even the veg momos taste great. One of the good places to order momos from. I have not visited this place but their packaging seems hygienic.
Higly recommend this place for juicy mouthwatering momos! We had their steamed pork momos, chicken thukpa, and chicken momos. And boy are their sauces are finger licking good. Keep in mind that it's more of a take out place and not a cafe. But it you're a momo lover, you definitely need to check them out.
Mouth watering and juicy Momos, thukpa that lights up each and every tastebud and really polite and courteous staff. One of those hidden gems you definitely want to take your friends to
Not sure what spice sauce you add to the mince chicken in Momo's ..screws the system next day. It's not very spicy when u eat but the true colors are shown the next day.
Good to be here at the himalayan cafe! Friendly behaviour of the staffs, tasty food! a variety of food is available. hygienic & good place to be. well maintained.
A little difficult to find this place.Asked around and finally found this tiny joint which serves one of the best pork momos in whole of hyderabad.Pork momos were juicy and tasted great.Ordered chicken wings which i found to be a little on the down side.One should must visit this joint for Authentic thukpa and pork fried rice.Sitting area can be improved as northeastern food is best enjoyed when served directly from the kitchen instead of going for online orders😀
Had ordered Veg Thukpa for dinner and this was the worst Thukpa I have ever had. All I could find was cabbage floating in a tasteless soup. The packaging was so terrible that quite a lot of soup had spilled over (not that I care thanks to its bland taste and extreme portion of oil). Very disappointed from a place that carries a rating of 4.5!
Awsummm place for those who love chinese.  I was looking for some great joint to try Chinese and this place did the justice. I tried the Thukpa, the Jhol momo and two other momos. The taste was really good , the dishes were a bit spicy  but it was really tasty ..
Slowly developing my appetite for North Eastern Food.

Never really liked Momo's or Thupka but my opinion has changed forever when a box of Chicken Coriander Momo's arrived from THC.

After hearing a lot of good things about this place I ordered steamed chicken dumplings.

Every bite of this very thin and delicate outer layer stuffed with perfectly cooked coriander chicken mutti served along with red chutney tasted heavenly until I reached the bottom of the box.

Lots of oil spilled out from the momos and sat at the bottom of box. This might make you run an extra mile at the next day workout.

Momo's minus oil were really delicious. I will try and visit this place for more North Eastern...read more
I usually don't write reviews but this place made me reconsider! The pork momos are a insane and the chicken spicy coriander is a must try. Happy to finally have such good momo place in Hyderabad!
More of a kitchen less of a restaurant. A clean one for sure!

Hardly 4-6 people can be accommodated, however, if you ever happen to be here, go for their momos. Perfectly cooked and super tasty.

You can also go for the different starters they had to offer.

Also, it's a difficult place to track down as they have no sign board. It's located adjacent to a super market on the second floor.

A good place to have/order food from at a cheap price.
great momo place ans the bami goreng is a must have ! pork momos is also an out of the world dish!! would highly recommend this place for everyone to try
For a while I have been looking out for the places that serve soul-warming Thupkas.During one such search, I came across THC.This place is like a take-away joint hidden in a small corner.
Inspite of the spiked spice level of the Thupkas served here,they taste super delicious. The soupy bowl of goodness had a perfect blend of flavors and textures. When at THC I would definitely recommend you to try their juicy addictive Pork Momos.
If you are craving momos look no further. Best momos in Hyderabad. Period. I'll go a step ahead and say even better than Mainland China. Main course is a bit disappointing though.
I love this place for their momos. I am yet to try their other items, but I would suggest everyone to try any of their momos. I have ordered momos for some 7 times and they delivered with the same standard every time. I really wish The Himalayan cafe to continue maintaining this quality standard even after they become hugely popular.
This is more of a takeaway place than a sit and eat..But I would really wish they have one..The USP of this place is that this is a heaven for food lovers who love Chinese and Thai food..And their momos are something to die for..These momos are so filled and juicy and yumm that you would eat then even when u are full...What to mention when all of their items are freshly made and are superb in taste..U can say that they serve the best momos in Hyderabad..They take only online orders and prefer you to order and takeaway..It is on the second floor of the building right after 900 degree oven pizza and do not have a signboard..So if u go there ask from some to avoid confusion
Has to be the next momos I have had in Hyderabad. Excellent service to boot.
Highlight have to be the tangiest sauces which elevated the momos to another level.💚
The food is delicious. The thukpa, jhol momos, kothe and steamed momos are wonderful. The peanut sauce for dipping complimented the food very well. The portions were very generous and the food will make you full and leave you satisfied at the end of the day!
What happens when passion meets talent, something unique is in the offering for sure. Hyderabad has been so receptive of new cuisines quite new to us. Vasudev Singh , owner of Himalayan cafe brings in such unique nepalese cuisine to the land of biryani with clear homework done and has started small but solid. Have been planning to visit this place and interact with him, finally it happened and I'm so glad we did. He takes immense pride in his journey of making THC a reality and how he keeps it simple but focuses on quality and authenticity. Working in such small place (literally 4-5 pax seater space only), its totally hole in the wall (As they dont even have a board outside) and as you...read more
If a Momos lover then this is the place which treats you with the love you need.I ordered veg steamed momos(5/5).Perfect filling and fresh momos.Worth a try. 😘😘
The second hidden gem in the exact same area. Calling it a cafe is probably too far fetched as this is strictly a takeaway only joint. But for some of us who do not live in the delivery zone and who would prefer their momos hot, hopping in is also an option. We tasted their steamed version of pork momos, chicken momos, chicken spicy coriander momos and mushroom cheese momos. The mushroom cheese momos weren't great. The chicken momos were good. The pork momos and chicken spicy coriander momos were amazing; would highly recommend them. Looking forward to coming again to gorge on the best momos in town.
I am generally a big foodie. i went to this place as i was recommended by my friend. I was told by him about the amazing food they serve. Went in quite reluctantly but it was one memorable experience at the end. Never in the recent past, i had my stomach full with many delicious food items like today. Despite their very restricted ambience & sit out, HIMALAYAN CAFE is truly a delight for every food lover especially those who love momo’s and soups. If you’re a foodie, don’t even dare to miss this amazing food spot. Chicken thupka, their signature dish was sensational & its something to die for. STRONGLY RECOMMENDED !!
Note : Don’t go in expecting great ambience. This place is...read more
Insane pork momos guys! Absolutely bursting with flavour! Extremely friendly staff! Loved the dips given with the momos! Very reasonable too!
So it was mid week and we decided to eat some & order some.
Before starting,I will say this place believes in quality !
Now let's come to the dishes:

Mushroom and cheese Momo : A fine blend of mushroom and cheese is a perfect option if you looking for a veg one.
Jhol Momo : I will call it Momo Curry and it is oh so different. Momos were very spicy with a fine balance of Ginger and spices and coriander leaves as an add on. A must try.
Chef's special non veg Momo: Plain and simple chicken Momo and a good option for those who want something light.
I would given them 5/5 if soup was also available with momos.
Chicken coriander Momo: It got chicken broth inside which makes it a combination of...read more
I was there yesterday, A beautiful winter Sunday evening, when I called up and they told us it is a takeaway place but with a couple of tables to dine in, So my friend and i were there, Vasu the owner is a really good guy, he asked us what we were craving of, so we started with momos, yea these are “THE” momos and you shouldn’t miss it at all ♥️ then while chatting we got to know that thai had to be tried, so we had thai red curry and it was to die for ! It is pure comfort food, I had packed thukpa and took it home and trust me my fomo of not being in Darjeeling was gone ! Perfect example of Quality over Quantity. I would give 7/5 stars ⭐️ I only wish they could deliver to...read more
The Himalayan Cafe
The food is good, I requested them not to add onion in the chicken curry and they did pay attention to my request. There was a strange but pleasant aroma of Bengal lemon in the curry. And the food didn't feel heavy. They also sent the lemons which I requested for.
FYI this is a cloud kitchen (online orders only), but the owner was kind enough to seat us. We ordered three different kinds of momos and chicken Thukpa. The food was perfect for the chilly weather. The best and most important part about this place is it is make to order which is very different from a regular momo place where everything is pre made or even frozen at a few places and just reheated in the steamer.
The downside is you can only order online. I wish these guys open a proper outlet soon which will help them cater to a larger crowd. Kudos guys, Hyderabad needs more authentic Tibetian cusine places like yours :)
Quick delivery and delicious food. A friend recommended this place to me and they lived up to the set expectations. We ordered the chef’s special chicken steamed momo and they were splendid. The momos were stuffed with chicken and some soup sort of thing which was amazing. It melts in the mouth.😋
This joint has been in my bookmark for sometime now, but has never been able to locate it clearly. So one Saturday decided to really give it a try and called up the owner. After a few calls and lot of searching finally found the place. Just to be clear for others, this is not a dine in restaurant and I do not think they want it to be that also. It is situated on the second floor of a building and does not even have a sign board. :) But alas for people like us who do not stay in the deliverable zone we have to make the extra effort and it was worth it.

Food : 4/5 Tried the Thukpa, the Jhol momo and two other momos. The taste was really good for all of them, the dishes were a bit spicy...read more
Really good Momos,
They have variety of Sauces.
Although the quality is deteriorating.
I usually order the cheese mushroom momo and its awesome.
Wanted to try the authentic momos and the thupkas! We really enjoyed them. We tried spicy veg and schezwan momos and veg thupka! The sauces were really good. And we are going again!
My friend and I visited this place after being suggested by my colleagues. We had chicken schezwan fried momos and the special non-veg momos. We liked the chicken schezwan fried momos so much that we couldn't resist ourselves from ordering a second plate. The ginger madness sauce was a highlight with its strong taste and the devils spice stands second to it. Over all the taste, quality, quantity and price were more than fulfilling. And the owner was such a friendly guy.
Omg! This is not non veg thukpa! What is this? Cabbage soup with noodles in it. There are 4-5 small pieces of chicken and lots of cabbage and noodles. The things that I heard about this cafe does not match up to what I got in the name of thukpa. Totally disappointed :(
Stumbled upon this place while looking for outlets that serve thukpa in the city. A small joint that's a bit hard to locate in spite of being on the main road, but finding this hidden gem is like a little treasure hunt in itself.Coming to the food, we tried the chicken momos- steamed, fried and jhol, as well as the chicken thukpa. 
* The momos are probably the best I've had, with their extremely juicy filling, and their really delicate dough covering that reveals a burst of flavours as soon as you take a bite. The juiciness is owed to the use of chicken broth in the filling itself which gives it that prominent savoury flavour. The meat too is minced coarsely and that makes the texture...read more
I came to this cafe along with my friend. Though the place is so small the food is so delicious. We are very happy with the food. The owner is so responsible and cool guy. I suggest order online rather dine in.
Best momo spot in Hyderabad. There is a little space for dine in. But its worth waiting for that table to taste delicious momos. Simply awesome.
There's no option to dine in and the place is hard to find out as they don't have any ad or display board.We managed to locate and had to wait for a while as they have only one table to accommodate maximum 3 to 4 people. It's recommended that one should get it delivered but then momos taste the best when hot.

They do score really good on taste,quantity and quality quotient. Probably one of the best momos stuffing across Hyderabad. The Jhol momos is a must try. They serve pork momos and thukpa too. Steam chicken momos is absolute symphony for the taste buds.They absolutely need to work on the dine in arrangement. 5 stars only for the taste.
Heard so much about the momos this place offers, one fine evening decided to visit, we followed the google maps but still could not locate it, there are no sign board put up for this place, it is situated on the second floor of a very shady building with no name, after asking around for 10 min a tea stall guy situated right under the building enlightened us. I was super disappointed by the look of the place, none of the reviews actually say how tiny and dingy this place is, though some people did mention that this was not a sit and eat place but still was not expecting it to be this bad, people order and go down sit in their cars and eat. 

Any who, so the menu is quite straightforward...read more
Probably the best momo I had in Hyderabad. I am great fan of this place and off course their momos (i felt the thukpas could be better). Chicken momos have chunks of solid chicken in it. The quality and the quantity, both are great.
Ordered chicken thupka and veg steamed momo with devils sauce. Thupka was delicious. Chicken, noodles and vegetables were boiled just right and the slight spiciness makes one want to eat more. A bit oily but I enjoyed the thupka. Veg steamed momos were also very tasty. Devils sauce has a bit pungent taste, not sure why. Also the sauce leaves a strong spicy after taste, which I like. Go for the sauce only if you can handle spicy. Overall it was good.
I'm originally from Darjeeling and when it comes to momos, I just can't settle for less! THC has perfectly cracked the recipe.

I tried the steam Momos first and it blew my mind. The momos were steamed to perfection. Neither over nor under cooked. The stuffing was well done and in combination with the chutneys the flavors came out superbly. Along with the flavors you could feel a slight crunch (of the chopped vegetables in the stuffing) which I personally loved it!!

I also tried the pan friend Momos, cheese mushrooms and the Schezwan momos. Its really hard to find a clear winner. All of them were excellent!

To sum up, Hyderabad is lucky to have THC. A must visit for all momo lovers! :)
As a great fan of thukpa and momo, after reading positive reviews on Zomato, I was certain that I want to try their food. This review is solely on the food that were delivered to me and nothing to do with the restaurant service or ambiance. I ordered chicken steamed momo and chicken thukpa. The momo was okay, not that great to be honest, or maybe I was expecting too much after reading the reviews. I accidentally bit some kind of weird stone after my fourth momo piece that I can't eat the last two pieces anymore. Coming to the thukpa, I gave 2/5. It was so oily and watery, full of cabbages and carrots. I have to dig for the noodles and chicken meat pieces actually.  I felt like I ordered...read more
Excellent momos and thupa. Ordered online and was skeptical but it came well packed and tasted very good. The two types of chutney provided a good variety and balance.
They serve two items, momos and thukpa! But they do it to absolute perfection. Randomly scrolling through zomato paved way to this hidden gem!
We had the following:
Mushroom and cheese momos: absolute perfection, it was not at all a mushy mess. Perfectly chopped and seasoned, thin skinned momos.
Veggie momos: Classic best, only wish was if they had cooked the stuffing just a little it was absolutely raw for my liking but still tasted very good.
For a vegetarian they were a delight!

Coming to non vegetarian items
Chicken coriander momos: cooked in juicy broth they were succulent and flavourful, never seen anyone cooking chicken filling in a broth and then stuffing inside a momo!

Chicken...read more
It has some authentic crazy taste and the food is light on stomach and toooo yummmyyyy. I ordered Veg Thukpa and it was the first time I was having it fromt this place. It tasted sooooo Soooo soooo goood 😍
Courteous and very friendly staff which I loved about this place. The restaurant is new and they mostly do online orders. Sitting arrangements are not very good but still managed to get some place to sit and have food. Food is delicious. Tried some Momos and Thukpa. Momos were amazing and the sauces were out of this world. The thukpa is one of the best thukpas I’ve ever tried. I’ll suggest them to start proper sitting arrangements as well. I’ll visit again for sure.
This is definitely a must visit place for all Momo lovers. I tried everything on the menu. And taste is just too good. Only negative is, it is only take away.
‘Momos are an emotion!’

Very few places get their momos right and this place is among those few.

Their menu is still being finalized.

Ordered Food:

Jhol Momos: This was a unique dish that I tried here. This is basically momos submerged in jhol or curry. DELICIOUS!

Tried both veg and chicken jhol momos and both are recommended. This dish can be easily had with steamed rice as a full meal.

Prawn dimsums or Prawn Har Gao: MUST TRY. This dimsum was melt-in-the-mouth-yummy!

The difference between momos and dimsums is the thickness and the quality of the flour wrap. Dimsums have a more thin and transparent maida wrap around the central stuffing.

Broccoli Almond dimsum: this veg...read more
The Himalayan Cafe is actually located at Kondapur on the top floor of a building and is currently operating as a cloud kitchen. Although they mostly operate on home delivery they also love for people to drop by and enjoy their food. We were invited here by the owner Vasu for tasting the food that they are about to launch on their new menu.
This place is slightly hard to spot despite being on the main road as there are no banners.
The cafe is very new and the food is pretty amazing.
I had steamed chicken Momos, fried chicken Momos and veg fried Momos for rs.350 in total and I have to say that all of them were fantastic. I could feel the juicy inner and a blast of flavours one I started chewing onto it. Loved the garlic sauce too much. A really pleasant experience for me. Highly recommended place for a cheap and delicious meal.
I couldn't find the restaurant. Is it closed or what? Wanted to dine today after reading good reviews on Zomato. Called the restaurant no given on Google, but no one responded.
Haven't had such good momos in this city so far ! Good job guys ! The chicken kothe and special is a must try. I hear they expanding their menu further - cannot wait !!
It's more like a kitchen then dine-in. We ordered kothe Momo's (5/5), schezwan Momo's(4/5) and thukpa (4/5)

The interesting thing is the prep or Momo's is with chicken broth which makes it very juicy. The 3 sauces with it are also good and not too spicy. It's one of the best Momo's I have had across Hyderabad and I will keep ordering from these guys
i had momos and thuppa at this place yesterday and the momos were very juicy and the thuppa was really nice. I would say these were the best momos in Hyderabad so far.
I had ordered a plate of Steamed chicken momos & a thukpa....

The momos were very tasty, but the chutney was extremely spicy

The thukpa again was very spicy... And it had a layer of oil on top... Which was not very appetizing look.

*himalayan cafe Guyz..... Less the spice.... The taste was good
#loveformomo #zomatodelivery

Found this place on zomato with some good rating which serve Momo.
Ordered there special veg nd non-veg steam momo. Both tasted good.

PS: Would loved to see them open there restaurant where we can seat and have hot steam momo.
I have ordered spicy veg fried momos and schezwan chicken fried momos.....the veg momo tasted good but the chicken momo was really really horrible......it just ruined my appetite
The momos are very soft and good stuffed as well.
Didn't like their devils sauce as it didn't taste spicy to me at all. Ordered chicken thupka which was total waste of money .
I saw a lot of reviews about this so thought of ordering momos but it did not meet my expectations. The stuffing was not properly cooked and was not even grated. Same goes for chicken momos as well.
Well I first got to know that this place exists in India Today magazine raving about how amazing Momo place this is. With its ex google proprietor posing in a suit looking over the horizon. Well the name got me hooked and after realizing that this place is really picky about the time they take orders, that got me even more interested.

It took me a while to realize that they only take delivery or take away orders ; and it's only after 6pm that that window opens. And the place gets sold out in generally with in 30 mins. So it took sometime to figure out when to place the order like a Xiaomi flash sale 😄

Finally in my 6th attempt I was able to place order.. Voila! After such long wait I...read more
They came to IMT HYDERABAD, and everybody just loved them. Such a big turnout. Very yummy food. Hope they expand soon. All the very best Himalayan Cafe. :)
So let’s pick on the name first, this isn’t a cafe (neither a café). It’s a pet project of a guy who got sick of not having any good momos in this town that he decided he’s going to run a Momo making business out of his home.

In a somewhat ridiculous fashion, his two bedroom apartment or cafe, as he would call it, is run by a young Nepalese man who works out of his MacBook Pro while around him others run around getting orders together. I wouldn’t be exaggerating if I said it looked like a three hurricanes blew threw his apartment or cafe.

However, the apparent loss of visual appeal doesn’t impair the other 4 senses. The smell, the taste, the texture and even the satisfying...read more

Ordered The Himalayan Cafe special non veg Momos, accompanied with the devil’s sauce via Zomato Online Ordering.

They have a very selective and small menu, consisting of momos and thukpa, and that works well for them.

Being a huge fan of Momos, this place is a dream find, in Hyderabad.

Very good momos. More of the filling, and less of the floury coating. Just perfect!
The sauce was very hot and spicy. Chose the sauces at your own risk.

Very impressed with the packaging.

Quick delivery courtesy Zomato Delivery!

The Himalayan Cafe, and Zomato killing it. 😁 👍
Yummy momos.. and very tasty thupka..
Best momos in the city.
I rarely give a 5 star review on Zomato. The Himalayan Cafe deserves it. 

How can I boldly claim so? I've had momos from north-most to southern parts of the countries. Over the past ten years, I've had momos (or similar dumplings) in a couple of countries prepared by people from Sichuan, Tokyo, Vietnam, Thailand, Korea, and Taiwan (the best one so far). Within the country, I've tried those prepared by Ladakhis, Tibetians, Pahadis, Nepalis, and North-easterns. So I have fairly large amount of data to compare from. Thus the claim.

Once I returned too tired from work and wanted some quick bite. Went over to Swiggy and found this newly opened place. I was...read more
Best momo in town!!!!! Just loved their schezwan momo!!!! Tried everything on the menu and loved every flavour...: loved their sauces as well must try for momo lovers
Being a crazy momos fan, I was looking for a good momos stall and i would always end up with the same stalls. One of my friend recommended about this cafe and we ordered Himalayan cafe special non veg momos and steamed chicken momos. Both were quiet yummy. A plate of momos is always incomplete without spicy sauce. It was great too.Yes, when it comes to value for money, may be little pricy but worth it. Overall,good place and would definitely love to explore other varieties.
We have tried both veg and non veg momos and the momos were amazing, freshly cooked, yummy in taste and very well presented. Overall great meal at a great price.
What to say about this place. Being an East Indian I missed the taste of the momos and other Asian dishes. Am quite regular customer of this place. As this place doesn’t has proper dinning place usually order the food from here. I found they make every dishes with authentic taste. Which I loved the most. I like their most of the dishes. So can’t able to write the name of all😃. Keep it up guys .. Maintain the taste quality & quantity.
I am not at all a momo person , tried it at so many places , still nothing could hook me to it !! But tonight one order from Himalayan Cafe and damn straight I am a fan !

Packing : Proficient
Quantity : Worth the money
Taste : 6/5 ******

Their Himalayan Cafe Special Veg Momos is a star in the menu , hands down! 
Great job guys. Love to know of this outlet ! You have converted a frequent future customer today
So i am going to keep the rating same but change the statement a little... This time they served me my chicken thupka... I loved when this place was based out of somewhere else... Food was top notch as far as quality was concerned.
I am sorry to say its not any more...
Hmmm... If i have to say about the Chicken thupka today, i would jot down few observations...
Bland as in really bland
Half boiled vegetables
No chicken for a chicken thupka
Wait for it.....
Floating in oils... Like half inch of oil on the water that i could actually drain...
The Himalayan Cafe... I loved you but you dissapointed me to the core... :(
From not being a momo person to becoming one AFTER having it here. True story.
All the nightmares of eating just flour (whether steamed or fried) with two peas of vegetables in it are over.
The best filling and the best layering I have had so far.

Food: 5/5
Service: 5/5
I like the veg kothe momos, the veg momos were extremely oily and extremely spicy.The thukpa was extremely oily and didn't taste like thukpa at all
Its like there can be no wrong this outlet can do.
Serving only through delivery partners, they have so much business that they don't even have the time to take calls but they do have the audacity to apologise if the delivery is late.

Though I havent met them, I simply love their humbleness and sometime food is not the only parameter that makes a restaurant behemoth but its owners diligence also.

Coming to the momos. They are my all time favourite food and these were the best I ever had. Previous being back in Bhubaneswar, I haven't visited Delhi or Kohima, so wont go pan India, but its rightful for them to claim the status "Hyderabad's Best".

The price is on the higher side....read more
Ordered chicken steam and chicken fried momo. No complaint on size, but taste is not that good. Schezwan chutney also not so good. No maionese sauce provided. Chicken feels like it was yesterday's.
thukpa was not upto the mark. didn't have enough flavours. Could be improved a lot
Please tell me since when did dishes like thukpa and momos have oil equivalent to the wells in middle East? I was so looking forward to trying thukpa and momos in Hyderabad considering that there are barely any places that serve thukpa at least in the city. I could have made much better thukpa at home compared to the one I got. Both, momos and thukpas were so spicy and laced with oil (I ordered for their special veg momos and non-veg momos and veg and non veg thukpas). The thukpa had only cabbage and bits of capsicum and paneer. Yuck! I couldn't even eat it.

It's just proven beyond a shadow of doubt that one should go with tried and tested places for food and not go by reviews because...read more
Sweetest people. Gorgeous momos. Perfect Friday.

We drove to the place and waited outside their apartment 'cos cloud kitchen. Called the folks and they were kind enough to invite us over. They make it clear upfront it's not a sit-and-dine kind of place. But their congeniality makes up for it. We chatted away with the folks while hogging on chicken and schezwan steamed momos - and the hype is real - the best momos in Hyderabad. The momos are heavenly.

'Nuf said - order up if you have ever loved momos, even for a split second.
My man from Bangalore! First of all, the host is super chill and a delight to speak to. He is super respectful and even though we were like about 30 late, since you have a to book before you leave. He wasn't mad about it or anything. He made sure the experience was super nice.
The food is authentic to it's taste. Honestly, the thukpa was amazing. I'd had the thukpa a long time ago in Manali. The moment I tasted the broth, it took me right back to Manali. It was so amazing, the perfect blend of of spices and it wasn't an overload of just vegetables to give the broth volume. It had a good amount of meat. Like how it's supposed to.
The Momos, they served us four different types of Momos. The...read more
Decided on having momos for a late night snack & zeroed in on this place.

Ordered veg fried momos & chicken spicy coriander momos for a home delivery.

They are hands down the best momos I have ever had in any city until now. I mean compared to the momos I have tried in street food and legit restos and places, these were the best!

The chicken spicy momos come as a surprise as they are juicier with the perfect mixture of spices.

Veg fried momos are crunchier and crispy with a good amount of veggie fillings in them.

The packaging is also slick and neat. Top notch service too.

All in all a great food experience. Highly recommended for Momo lovers!

Food: 5/5
Service: 5/5
Got chicken steamed momo and chicken kothey momo delivered through Zomato alongwith the sesame sauce and super spicy sauce. The momos were well cooked and had plenty of stuffing. It was one of the best momos I've had in a while.
Very bad experience. Ordered after reading misleading Zomato reviews. Momos were very oily. Chutneys were not good as well. Very unsatisfactory.
The food tastes really good. It's close to the darjeeling thukpa that I love. You guys need to improve on quantity considering the price point.
Sauce had some issue. Didn't feel good. Momos were okay. Packaging was good.
visit #2 ~ by INVITE

After a really fine experience the first time, Vasu invited us to try out their newest offerings. ❤️

🥟 PRAWN HAR GAO DIM SUM - Unearthly. Super soft and juicy mix of prawns and special spices. I couldn't even tell I was having Prawn. Lovely. ❤️

🥟 ALMOND BROCCOLI DIM SUM - Loved the nutty and coarse texture from the ingredients. Garnished beautifully with a fresh pomegranate seed. ❤️

The dim sums were so thin I could see through to the inside. This was possible owing to the use of some very high quality imported flours, and their experience and technique. They were presented beautifully in bamboo baskets on a leaf along with a side of thick and...read more
The best MOMO and THUKPA so far I tasted in Hyderabad.
The variety of sauces are just to die for. Amazing juicy and tasty momos.
The hospitality was amazing.
Thank you so much for letting us in and it was great to have a conversation with you.
Many more visits to come.
Momos were very good.. one of the best I've had in Hyderabad.

Thukpa wasn't that great though.

Glad to have a thukpa place in Hyderabad anyway.
Packaging was perfect and the sauces they provided were yummy enough to lick it till the end. Momos were good and the sauce made the feel more tastier. It’s worth a try and I bet if you try you’ll end up eating more!
The end for perfect Momo search in Hyd has to end here for now.
After a recommendation from a friend, we went down for a late night bite . The owner was kind enough to take down our order and make it just on time when we reach , so that it's served hot. We ordered steam chicken Momo, schezwan Momo and chicken Thukpa. I loved the steam Momo and the Thukpa to bits. The schezwan was good too. Generous portions with good amount of stuffing. So were the sauces. The Thukpa was one of the best I had on recent times, light broth yet flavorful .
The owner was kind enough to guide us over phone on how to reach the spot
Net net a good experience. Will go back soon for some more.
By far the best momos I had in till date and ordered second time same day. Awesome
Especially cheese mushroom momos were excellent, so are Kothe
Very oily mommos
The food is super amazing. One of the best momos in the town. Only one suggestion, to serve mayonnaise with the order. Should try at least once.
Ordered nonveg thupka.... It was nice....something new.... there was a lot of oil in the stew though.... but maybe it is just the recepie.... would have liked some more noodles with the stew....
For all momo lovers pls try momos from here, you will love it. Don't go with the price , it is lil bit high but they maintain the quality also. I ordered mushroom momos n it was having only mushroom stuffing whereas in any other joints u will find more onions. This place is a hidden treasure for momo lovers. But the sad part they have only take away.
bad
Taste was good. But too much oil.
Its the best Momo I've tried ever (outside Nepal of course😁). always liked the momos with seasame sauce.. however my latest order for special chicken Momo had a little too much of oil.. yes oil is put in Momo but there was too much of it dripping from the momos. hope it's a one time issue.
a must try place...
The cafe just keeps getting better! Ordered veg steamed momos after a while and I found it so much more tasty now. They aren't oily like you get in some other restaurants with perfectly thin layer and good amount of filling. The ginger sauce like always is out of this world
I didn’t expect pan fried to be this way.. All I knew was momos are always coated in sauce..
taste is not so good
One word, FANTASTIC. By far, the best momos I've had in Hyderabad. I ordered Chicken steamed momos, Himalayan special momos, fried chicken momos and thukpa.
The filling in momos was generous. The outer skin was thin and perfectly cooked and the chicken was nice and juicy. They do not have dine-in option yet, but I'm sure that should be coming up soon. But don't let this hold you back because they serve in proper containers and bowls so you can enjoy your meal in your car or on your bike (or simply look it up on Swiggy/Zomato) and the taste is WORTH it. Our host, Mr. Vasu was very warm and welcoming man which added on to the food experience.
I am definitely coming back here and recommend...read more
packing quality has deteriorated and didn't send the sauces promised
Chicken in the momos is not completely cooked
good momos
Great.
Awesome momos and thukpa. Though it is difficult to locate (building opposite GAUTHAMI enclave sports ground), but Vasu was such a charm. Made us sit on his Ghar ka table and served with utmost care, not to forget that he was continuously on the run serving online orders. Since I had a runny nose, he suggested thukpa and it tasted v v much like what I had in Bhutan n North East India. Sure it worked wonders on my runny nose. A must try for everyone who can die for momos . Best in town. Waiting to come back for more. Couldn't take pictures as we couldn't control our palate when the food arrived 😋
Best momos I had in Hyderabad
Awesome momos
The Himalayan Cafe is a new player in town. Tucked inside an apartment complex in the residential by-lanes of Kondapur (behind Chirec School), it's not easy to spot. That being said, the owner Vasudev was kind enough to direct us.

Drenched in rain, we finally reached the place.
We settled ourselves and then arrived a steaming hot bowl of Thukpa!! We couldn't resist ourselves and just dug in! Topped generously with a chilly oil, this spicy thukpa warmed our bellies!! Perfectly cooked noodles with crunchy veggies in an ultra flavorful broth, this Thukpa made a grand entry!!

Then came a variety of momos. We were served Steamed Chicken Momos, Schezuan Veg Momos, Veg Kothe Momos and their...read more
This place serves one of the best North Eastern food with Ghar ka Khana feel to it.

Veg Kothe Momos - Amazing with crunchy vegetables.
Chicken Thukpa - The Best in Hyderabad we've had till date.
Chicken Steamed Momos - Juicy Chicken and the dips along are too good.
Special Chicken Momos - One of the best Momos. Loved them.
Schezuan Non Veg Momos - Flavourful Momos. People who love a little spicy food should definitely try this.

If you are a Momo lover I would definitely recommend this place to you.

Do visit them because it tastes great when served hot.
The momos were out-of-the-world yummy. I haven't found better momos in Hyd so far. It might seem a bit pricey before you order, but it's totally worth the money.

However, the thukpa was quite a disappointment. It was tasty, but extremely oily and contained an unnecessary amount of cabbage. I could barely find any chicken in my chicken thukpa.

I'll definitely try out the rest of the momos, but probably not ordering the thukpa again.
Absolutely Impeccable.

With the monsoon setting in my appetite for momos is at an all time high. I’ve tried them at a lot of places but this one was definitely a show stealer. Soft and melt in the mouth. I’m drooling as I type this. So stop reading this and if you haven’t already tried please just go ahead and order. It is amazing.
really good and fresh stuff
didn't get the chutney
the momos were just okay
The food did taste good. But why would you put so much coriander in thukpa? Unfortunately coriander leaf and stem overpowered the taste of thukpa and it lost the authenticity. Steamed Momos on the other hand scored well. I enjoyed the meal. Only complain, wish it thukpa would have been more authentic.
This place has the best momos that I have eaten in Hyderabad until now. I hope that they maintain the quality in future. I will tell my friends about it too.
Extremely expensive for the amount of quantity and quality! 6 small pieces of momos for 120 bucks. And the taste was not great too! Never ordering from this place again.
I ordered Thukpa..It was so oily.Bad experience
No good
The search for authentic momos at Hyderabad ends at The Himalayan Cafe. I opted for a pick up and ordered one plate of chicken fried momos and a plate of non veg thukpa.

Both of them are authentic and brings me closer to Darjeeling. The packing has been great too. The momo with the Spicy Devil sauce goes absolutely perfect.

This is for the first time in the last 4 years of Hyderabad that I am having such a great thukpa.

Awesome is the word!
Will be ordering more from this place regularly and I just wish to see some more dishes added to the menu list. THC is a killer addition!
Absolutely love their chicken thukpa and momos ! Personal favorites among the momos were the veg schezwan fried and the Himalayan cafe non veg special. The thukpa comes in huge portions and is the most satisfying and filling thing I've had in ages !
Highly recommend Himalayan Cafe :)
I’m not even a momo-lover, but the Himalayan cafe momos are definitely the best in Hyderabad! I’d give it more than 5 stars, if I could. Thank you !!
it would be better if u use less oil..
tasteless never expected.. how Zomato can have this kind of vendors..
I am very fond of steamed Momo's and after trying out so many, I would say this is the best till now. I ordered 3 varieties in one single order the same day... The normal chicken steamed momos, the kothe chicken momos and chef's special chicken momos.... I definitely liked the normal and the kothe ones better but all 3 dishes were awesome. Price is on a higher side I felt, but taste is good. Would recommend to lower the price a bit.
Amazing as always!!!
Amazing food! Best Momos and thukpa in Hyderabad by a country mile! For someone having thukpa for the first time is a must-have. Recommend it to everyone.
momos were cold by the time they were delivered, although the taste was good but couldn't enjoy much as they were cold. also quantity seemed a little less for the price as the momos were very small
Ordered for the first time.. loved the Steamed momos..!! Simply awesome
I was starving and ordered three portions of momos along with all the three sauces. The sesame sauce and the ginger sauce are to die for. I enjoyed thumka which was packed with flavours and yet subtle. The portions are large considering the prices.
Had ordered veg thukpa. 4 star coz i had tasted better thukpa. It has got more paneer than veggies. Good it is atleast available in Hyderabad now.
A must try for all the momo lovers!! An expansive menu which will also leave Vegetarians (like me) really happy and content!

Had veg steamed momos, veg fried Schezwan momos, spicy fried veg momos- which had the right amount of species, perfectly done thin outer layer and bursting with flavour.

Thoroughly enjoyed the food!!
Authentic, delicious and bang for the buck! Order a bowl of their thupka and treat yourself to some Nepalese chicken soup for the soul. The perfect cure for a common cold, a drab day at the office or a craving for some tasty comfort food . Shweta Gupta Vipul Gupta.
Himalayan cafe is owned by an ex colleague of mine. this is the first time I ordered Momos after hearing rave feedback from other colleagues. The momos were outstanding in both taste and presentation as were the accompanying sauces. definitely recommended and I'll be back again soon to order more. thank you Vasu.
Couldn’t wait to get home.. so ended up eating it in the car and ordered more for the road.. finally some good momo’s in town.. a takeaway place as of now.. order more than 2 plates as you’ll end up gobbling it up all.. the thukpa should not be missed..
Please be careful next time you serve your customers, but was a nice gesture from your end to arrange for a replacement and come personally .. The momos were spicy and tasty as described. Hoping for a better delivery next time.
Coming from the hills and staying by yourself, the one thing that reminds you of home are Momo's. And the smell of it.. And by God!! Home has never felt as close as it has with The Himalayan Cafe experience.. you have to taste it to experience the same feeling that you get the minute you get back home and ask yourself - what do I want to eat next? To The Himalayan Cafe team - I thank you for setting up shop here in Hyderabad. Your Momo's are to die for and your sauces.. I hope you have a patent for those... I know I'll keep coming back for more.. just to feel a little closer to home... Thank you.. and wish you all the best...
extremely bad taste
Ordered mushroom dumplings, nothing special in the dumplings but the chutney was amazing. It has got the punch of garlic & tamarind which adds a special taste which I didn't find anywhere. Overall satisfied with the order & looking forward to try their chicken momos.
Good momos & great sauce as accompaniment
Delicious, mouthwatering,extravagant Momos..... That sesame dip is just heavenly with those aptly filled n steamed momos....I wish delivery could be possible until Manikonda 🙄
Hyderabad definitely needed a place that did momos and the Himalayan cafe hits the spot! Perfectly made steamed momos with authentic flavours.
Delivery was on time and pricing is reasonable. Definitely going to order again.
The best momos in the whole of South of India. ♥️ The schezwan momos are a must must try. This place provides lip smaking momos for your craving.
Food - 5/5
Portions - 5/5
Delicacy at it’s best.
The all hyped THC made me a tummy satisfied customer. The momos have an authentic taste, making it better with the dips.
The portions are lip smacking.

But the taste bud tingler is The Thukpa.. the chicken broth was just awesome.

If you are looking out for these, this place is the most recommended. Adding to my all time favourites as I love Thukpa and this monsoon season is gonna make it more loveable.

Last but not the least, Vasu - 5/5.
A recommended place at Kondapur area.
Just Average Momos
sauce had a lot of oil and the taste was not that good.
After a very long tym, I had the authentic momos and thupka, I have tried every where in Hyderabad n there's just no place whr I could find the actual Tibetan momos other than the disappointing maida filled stingy stuffings...frozen momos. Finally Himalayan cafe at Kondapur has started they do home delivery...plzzz open a MOMO cafe soon :) ...
I order almost every time I feel like having something good and THC never fails. The best momos in town. Hand down the best. Can’t wait for you guys to have a bigger chain so I can just hop in and enjoy the momos. Recommend- veg kothe with the sesame magic sauce. Yum!
Best place for authentic Momos. Amazing varieties with great taste.. the sauses are a must try! Each unique in it's own way.. just like the Momos
Excellent momos...especially the chicken momos (I am more a non vegetarian☺️)...perhaps the best one I would have tried till date !! I am sure I am gonna try more and more of it ☺️☺️
Awesomely tasty
food was delivered late and it became so cold that was unabke to eat properly
Have been craving for these momos since a couple of months when they were not available , after seeing the post that they r back did not think twice before placing the order the same day and god they didn’t disappoint. Ordered my favourite spicy mushroom momos and gulped the whole box of 6 momos in less than 2 minutes . These momos are one of the best I have had in my life. Thanks vasu for maintaining such an amazing quality n taste.
best momos ever, deliciously prepared n packaged with care. simply outstanding !! highly recommend this place. if you love momos, this is place u must try...
Best momos Hyderabad has to offer. Since I moved to Hyderabad, I have been able to find most things which I'd find in Gurgaon (momos being the exception). Finally, the Himalayan cafe has done that for me.

I tried all the momos there and the favourites are Chicken Sheszwan and Veg. Yes, i really liked the veg momos here. :)
Ordered here from swiggy.

Lets begin. very thin momos layer which was good.

Veg Steamed Momos  - 3/5

Veg Fried Momos  -  3/5

Veg Kothe Momos  - 3/5 (For me taste was same as above only. I cud not differentiate it.), 

Mushroom & Cheese Momos -  I did not liked it. Very oily. Not much of cheese and the oil used had strange smell or mushroom. May it is intentional but I did not liked it. 0/5

Sesame Magic Sauce - Not very spicy. It was ok. 3/5

I will suggest to have garlic in veg momos.
THC was, by far, the best momos in Hyderabad. Loved Chicken Schezuan and Chicken Kothe. Sounds unusual, but some veg momos were better than the non-veg ones.
The search for mouth watering momos in hyderabad finally ends at this place. Do try out if you haven't coz I can surely say no place can make such heavenly momos the way Himalayan cafe does. Caution: Order two of whatever you are planning to coz there is no way you won't ask for more after the last bite.
A few weeks ago I tasted some of the best momos from The Himalayan Cafe. I’m not one to leave reviews about food unless I’ve truly been impressed. The momos were absolutely wonderful, from preparation to presentation. They were executed perfectly, and the bright colors of the ingredients peeking through the paper thin covering made it a feast for the eyes as well as the stomach. The servings were just the right size and a great value for the price I paid. Though I would love to be selfish and keep it all to myself, the food from THC is too good to stay hidden for long. Its no surprise that these authentic darjeeling momos have quickly become the talk of the town.
I’ve certainly...read more
The Himalayan Cafe is a two man startup in Kondapur that currently only does home delivery. It offers a limited but delectable menu of momos, fried rice and thupka (a Nepali/Tibetan version of Pho). This is definitely one of the best places to get momos under a budget in Hyderabad.

It is started by Vasudev Singh, who was with Google for close to a decade and quit his job to start this really lovely joint. Vasu is a great guy, originally from Nepal and born and brought up in Bangalore. He runs the place with Himal who is from Darjeeling and was in Gurgaon before he teamed up with Vasu.

Having spent my childhood with momos, and reading the great reviews this place was getting I had to...read more
The momos here are really good. Can be one of the best in Hitec city area. The vegetable momos filling is juicy and perfect with the thin covering. It is a bit pricey for the portion size but the taste is good. The momos sauce is also not disappointing.
We tried the veg steam, mushroom and veg schezwan momos from the Himalayan Cafe. The momos were some of the best I have ever had. The fact that the veg momos had multiple veggies and great seasoning and were not soggy bundles of cabbage was the important part. The best parts were each type had a unique flavour, a thin translucent covering and the sauces complimented each of them beautifully! The packaging was quirky and neat, a big plus was it came with time needed for reheating. The meal left me with tingling taste buds and a very happy tummy!
Finally great momos in Hyderabad. I’m from Kolkata and a momo lover and finally glad to have found this place. Good quality and great filling. Liked the steamed schezwan momos. Keep it up guys! Cheers
This place is relatively new, but don't be fooled by that. THC has done a hell of a job making tasty, good quality momos available in Hyderabad. Momos in Hyderabad were never great and coming from Kolkata and Delhi (both places that sell insane momos), I would miss them so much. But now THC has completely made up for that. The momos are authentic, tasty, juicy, succulent, and of great quality.
You can tell that each plate of Momo has been prepared with great care. The stuffing to shell ratio is perfect, the shell itself is super thin. The taste is amazing (you guessed it, I'm super impressed). Also, THC sends their momos in a cute quirky box, which shows some good thought and care being...read more
Amazing flavours, loved it. I tried the Mushroom steamed Momos, veg kothe momos and sesame sauce - all three are highly recommended. Gorgeous flavors and generous fillings with a paper thin covering. Cute packaging too!
Best momos in Hyderabad. This place is heaven for momo lovers. Veg kothe and mushroom momos are must try. Never had such amazing veg momos anywhere. These guys are just killing it.
We ordered chicken steamed momos and after a very long time, we enjoyed momos so much. As good as the ones we had eaten in north east India.
I finally got to eat some yummm veg momos! I thought it is impossible to find good vegetarian momos, but the himalayan cafe pleasantly surprised me :) I love the light orange sauce (sorry, I cant remember the name)
It is a must try for anyone who even remotely loves momos!
Ordered in from uber eats the other day - i was amazed to find such good momos in kondapur area. The mushroom and cheese is my most favourite one amongst them all! The sauces are nice and fresh and loved the packaging it came in too
Damn, I ordered food from a different food delivery app, and dude this place has amazing momos. Definitely ordering again from here. You have got a loyal customer here. But I would prefer more of the red chutney, kindly pack more for home delivery.
Tried both steam veg and non veg momos yesterday and boy did they remind me of Delhi!
Thin covering and fresh juicy filling with just the perfect spicy dip.
It's easy to get addicted to these yummies!
Could add the green mint and chilli chutney.
I'm not a big fan of momos but the moment I tasted the cheese mushroom momos from THC, I realized the wonders authentic momos can do for you. After that, I also ordered the veg Kothe momos and enjoyed them to the core. I loved the delicious sauces and the neat packaging. THC is truly working on #makemomosgreatagain. Must try!
Hyderabad has never had the perfect casual momo place. No longer now. THC serves the most juiciest, flavorful and quality momos with exciting 3 types of saucd. I ordered the Himalayan special non veg, chicken steamed and the schezwan fried momo. I relished each of them but absolutely fell in love with their special non veg momo. It had the right amount of veggies and chicken with a very unique and balanced flavour. I'd also recommend the sesame magic sauce. Congratulations team, THC!!
Tried the Momo's from here based on word of mouth and ordered Veg Kothe, Mushroom and Cheese and Veg steamed. Veg Kothe was amazing and a must try.
Short review : It’s a great option for getting authentic momos. Try cheese mashroom fried momos” with devil’s spice sauce

The review it deserves:

Things which are most difficult to get right are some times,which looks the simplest. I have tried momos in many places and most of the times I had enough before I could finish a single plate. So when I heard about this new place I ordered all the veg momos on menu, little bit curiosity and mostly cynicism to get over momos hype for good .

Well, It turned out to be interesting evening .All different plates stood out for different reasons. Some were fried some had good mix of vegetables filling , some had bit of spice and all of...read more
If you're someone who loves momos then look no beyond The Himalayan Cafe (THC). It was a Friday evening and I decided to order some momos at work for my team after hearing great reviews about THC from friends. The packing was pretty neat with a sticker on top that instructs how to best enjoy the momos.

I took a bite of the Veg Fried Momos and after dipping it in the Sesame Magic sauce (party in my mouth for the next 30 seconds). The momos were absolutely delicious and we couldn't find a thing wrong with them.

I'd highly recommend trying the Veg Fried and Veg Schezwan momos with the Sesame Magic sauce.
So many brilliant options and super flavourful ! I’d say they are just about the perfect size and taste absolutely delicious when fresh. Definitely one of the best momo spots in town .
Do yourself a favour and get a taste of the most authentic momos you can get your hands on in Hyderabad. From what I hear, the head chef of 'THC' has over 20 years of 'momo-making' experience up north in Darjeeling and Delhi. There is a reason why they taste authentic and very different from what you generally get in Hyd. 

Considering that momos are pretty much everyone's go-to evening snack, you can rest assure that 'The Himalayan Cafe' won't let your evening down. 

No surprises that THC already has some of the big food bloggers in HYD raving within just the first week of launch!

Must try: Fried veg momos & Chicken schezuan steamed momos!
It’s been a long struggle to find a good momos place in Hyderabad, but then I finally found The Himalayan Cafe! If you actually want to have good momos, you should definitely order from here. I ordered following items from the menu:
Chicken Schezwan Momos: Slightly spicy with generous chicken filling and mouth melting outer layer.
Veg steamed Momos: I have literally never liked veg momos ever till I had veg momos from this place. Being a hard core non-vegetarian, trust me this is saying a lot!
Egg Fried Rice: Very tasty, budget friendly and apt quantity for a 1 person dinner. It won’t disappoint you!
This review would be incomplete without mentioning the amazing dips this place...read more
Amazing momos fresh and delicious chicken steamed momos. Ordered this through Uber eats.. it was hot and the chutney was simply awesome. Cooked with perfection
Most amazing chicken steam momos I ever had in Hyderabad..So authentic n sauce is epicness. Ordered Chicken Momos through Uber eat and loved it to bits that I reordered again :)
These are by far the best momos I have had home delivered in Hyderabad - in terms of quality and taste as well as value for money. Being a somewhat aficionado on momos myself - I have extremely high standards on the same, and THC really does deliver. The momo fillings (quite a variety to choose from) are tasty, perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked. The delicate wrapping of the momos is also something I haven't seen or tasted when I ordered from places like Zomos, Eats Corner etc. What I also like about this place is the large selection of veg momos (never thought I'd say this till I tried the THC veg fried momos...yum!).

My personal favourites: The chicken steamed momos, spicy chicken...read more
Ordered mushroom momos, veg momos, egg fried rice and chicken schezwan momos from The Himalayan Cafe from Uber Eats and was pleasantly surprised with the neat packaging they came in. Mushroom ones were probably the BEST vegetarian momos I've ever had and the outer covering of the momos is really thin which makes the taste even better. Momos were accompanied by 2 sauces- sesame seed and chili and both were AMAZING!

I've had momos at multiple restaurants in Hyderabad and I can safely say that these were the best I've had in a long long time. Would love if they could have multiple outlets to cater to more areas.

Must Try: Mushroom steamed momos and chicken schezwan momos
