Fitmeals is redefining healthy eating in Hyderabad, delicious low calorie meals served at your doorstep, I went onto www.fitmeals.co.in and ordered a plan, lost 5 kgs in a month, on Sundays as they are closed i order food from their cafes
Looking for low calorie meals? Fitmeals is the place to visit. Amazing macro counted food delivered right at your doorstep. Fitmeals has comprehensive menu that caters specifically to your needs. Grilled chicken pepper sauce is a must have
This place is on another level when it comes to healthy food . grilled chicken with red pepper sauce is the best. Great service. Smoothies are outstanding as well
The food here is horrible. The non veg breakfast is terrible and there is nothing worth having in this place. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone
The worst customer service. They delivered wrong item. We had ordered for a vegetarian spaghetti and they delivered chicken spaghetti. When called to inform them about the mistake, the gentlemen On the other side informed me to first send the order which was sent by mistake and get a new one collected. When requested them to get it delivered (as it was delivered earlier), the only thing he kept repeating that please send the old one and get new collected and hung up. When called them back they again repeated the same line and hung up once again. And there after the stopped answered my call. Had to finally call their head branch/office and file a complain.
Request the main office/branch...read more
Well have always been hearing about healthy food being boring, not until i tried fitmeals. This Health food cafe is taking hyderabad by storm with amazing juices, meals and healthy snacks. They also have subscription packages where they help you lose weight.
Regards
Hello, I am going to try to be as polite as possible, what were you thinking? While you were setting up this space? Walking into this space was the scariest thing I’ve ever done in my life.
There is no decent entry to fit meals, nobody to receive us? The place looked shabby and unhygienic, was smelling of raw meat. Forget coming back to this place, I am not even going to order from fit meals, huge disappointment and this is coming from someone who used to order from here a lot.
This health food cafe is an amazing place to have a meal without feeling bad about eating out.
The food is tasty and portions are adequate . I had tried their subscription service previously and was amazed by the variety they offered.
And everything is HEALTHY.
Nicely done .
You do get very healthy food here.. I ate at this place daily right after my gym work outs. Some delicious sandwiches and full on protein stuff too.. I like their smoothies.. toooo healthy, specially the HuLk (spinach, parsley, yogurt and honey) one of the best places for healthy food for sure!
It's a lovely place to have healthy food. For all fitness freaks or health conscious people need to check out this place. The food was very delicious and fresh.

The price are not affordable to consume daily but for people who can afford its a best place. The service need to be improved.
Fit meals is a low calorie and delicios healthy food delivery service.this cafe menagement so good.thiss food are keeps our body fit and healthy
Fitmeals is a must visit for health food lovers. They do excellent low calorie food , the menu also shows the macros.
Located in Banjara Hills it is a must visit for all health food lovers
Seems like stuff was missing from the Buddha bowl. Sprouts weren’t there. Just rice beans and chicken this time. Still taste great, though.
IF U R LOOKING FOR HEALTHY FOOD THEN COME AND HAVE A FOOD. THE GYM PEOPLE LIKE THIS FOOD BECAUSE THE COUNT THE CALORIES AND CARBS, PROTEINS EVERY THING ITS GOOD
The Buddha bowl is great! A new favorite of mine. Unfortunately, the Caesar salad was pretty plain, just lettuce, chicken and bread. Some cheese and tomatoes or something would’ve been nice. Also, the bread pieces are a waste. Real croutons would be so much better.
Fitmeals banjara hills is awesome restaurant good food and healthy food. Fast delivery in zomato. I like the food and his services good for gym people
I ordered 2 egg white omelette and what I get was scrambled eggs with just one slice of bread which I did not order for.
Also, the quantity of 8 egg white was not as expected.
The quality that they serve for the amount is not something some will expect. Phreatic service and food.
Iam a regular visitor to this place... first of all i would like to thank cafe owner for this intriguing idea of health+taste... coming to taste i tried almost all.. all are delicious except one or two that too because of my personal tastes... menu offres wide varities of continental and indian food... they also offer delivery service based on preferences like weight loss, gain, keto, gluten free.... this place is meant for all who look for health+taste.... i suugest all to try once u will definitely love it...
Looking to eat healthy? Fitmeals is the place for you. They have various subscriptions to help you with your weightloss or muscle gain plan, they have a cafe in Banjara hills that serves delicious calorie counted meals , a must visit for health food lovers
Been here with friend to try out this healthy food proposition. Ordered Egg zucchini noodles. It was made with zucchini and soya noodles. The ingredients were fresh and good. Overall greatly appreciate the healthy food initiative by the management.
burrito bowls would have been a lot better with some guacamole and a side of hot sauce
Amazing meals very healthy especially if you are working out or thinking to start dieting
Not only are they tasty and healthy but also pocket friendly

I love their Breakfast Menu and also the sandwiches

A definite place to order
watermelon was spoiled
Delivered wrong items including a non veg when veg was ordered and very spicy items.
Packaging was good that's all
Wouldn't recommend it to others please condor. With client if in doubt
Found a strand of hair in sandwich. Rest all okay though.

*Update:
They were quick to follow up and delivered a replacement meal. Impressive!
Fitmeals! Well, this place is a total saviour. Excellent low calorie food. Perfect for people counting macros. Lost 5 lbs already.
Kudos to the team.
I specifically said no bell peppers... but it has mainly bell peppers
Food was good. Quantity was a little less as per the price.
cut fruit should contain fruits not water mellon
Your search for healthy food ends here,
Excellent calorie counted food.
All the meals are prepared in olive oil. Macro counted meals on point.
Tried their grilled chicken pepper sauce
Been on the food for 3 months
Lost 12 kgs
liked the food and the packing!
1. No proper labelling on the meal boxes. quite confusing to determine which is what.
2. Chicken was very dry and tasteless.
3. Barbecue sauce was inadequate.
4. Mexican chicken and Grilled chicken with Barbecue cause was altogether same in taste.
5. Pan fried chicken was again dry.
Got served a grilled chicken sandwich instead of paneer. Ridiculous
Pasta was not tasting like pesto today. Too much cream
pathetic food, too spicy, not properly done
could have been better
This is the second time we have ordered from fitmeals in the past two days. The second order was the same dish as the first one. The first time we ordered, the food was amazing. But sadly, the second time the chicken was extremely fibrous. The taste and packaging was really good but the chicken just could not be eaten. At the end we just had to discard it. Please use tender chicken or tenderize the chicken and we may continue ordering from your place at least 10 times a month.
good food helathy
not up to the mark
Wrong meal delivered. Ordered Arrabiata pasta recieved pesto. Dejected
Bland flavour
Quantity was less
A lazy Sunday morning it was when I came across fitmeals cafe on Zomato , looking at the menu immediately ordered a meal for breakfast.
Must say is wonderful
not tasty
good
Less quality low quantity
during office hours i was called by delivery person, i have to explain him road by road address in era of google maps...he took exactly 11 mns of call time for guidance.
the food is not to the expectations.
Food was great..........
pan fried chicken with veggies was freaking awesome.....
I loved the food...........................................
Very good
what a lovely restaurant ,good food and service and atmosphere ,definitely hope to go back.the pastas were Yummy!!!........................................
THANK YOU SO MUCH for everything! We had a great food and it’s very delicious and you and your staff helped to make it that way! We will be back next time,I’ll be sure to let you know in advance before we come again.
Thanks again for all your hard work and consideration
Food was good
The food was delicious and very authentic ,the service was marvellous .................................................................
The food was extremely bitter
Tastiest healthy food
instead of pita bread, milk bread was sent. they make you fool
Caesar salad was not good.
I still dint get my refund back
The cut fruiys were not fresh
Delivery is late other than food is good
waste of money for cut fruits.
Roll was real good but Mexican rice was very bad
fitmeals is probably hyderabads best Health food restaurant. ordered the burrito rice bowl, extremely good. didnt feel heavy one bit. fitmeals is a life saviour for people trying to lose weight
came here and ordered grilled chicken pepper sauce, loved the chicken was tender and delicious. the sauce was made in house. this place definitely is a must visit .
my order got mixed up by the delivery guy the cafe ppl called and apologised but the Mexican rice delivered is super super tasty.thank u guys
I didn't get delivery
too late but food was good
Food was good
Too costly for the quantity received
“Just to say “thank you” for our meal laSt night We all enjoyed your delicious food and the evening was everything we hoped it would be. Thank you so much. Fit meals Double decker low fat cheese s/w is great and pasta is delicious . Thank you for such a superb food
with the growing health trend these days. My fit
Food is growing too...... the food is lovely and healthy and more importantly fresh. Loved the salads
had tangy grilled chicken.
quantity of chicken was great. would definitely visit again. kudos to the team. Hyderabad now has its favourite health food cafe
we can enjoy the each and every bit of food in this cafe and customer service also its good and the way of talking with customer and explaining menu and service it's good . everyday we can go there and we keep our day healthy
I heard about this place from a friend of mine who goes to Kris gethin gym which is beside this cafe. I had already once subscribed to their meal plans but since I was out of town most of the time that didnt work for me.
Im a very busy person and extremely health conscious so eating in normal restaurants on a daily basis is out of the question.
I finally went to this place 3 weeks ago and lets just say, I left the place contented. Their food was very good, had extremely little oil and the presentation was also good. I liked the effort they made. However, the service was a little slow , they should work on that.
I ordered the watermelon feta salad, roll call and waldorf salad that day....read more
fish is taste less not worth the price and veggies are too less
Decent food. Healthy choice. Go for it
awesome healthy food!!!
i had ordered for toffu sandwhich..but it wasn't that great.. it appeared like a "quick cook" dish loaded with onions and red chilly powder.. definitely not worth the price..!
extremely bad and misleading
Good
Very good taste. But could improve your delivery timings
Taste bhi.. Health bhi
it's not grill chicken,it is a snack with vegetables
Didn't check my instructions properly
Always hunger for the new places .

I ordered it online today. Package was good n Yes it is healthy & fresh. Somehow the quantity wasn't sufficient for me.
Will order next time for a girl to get genuine review on quantity 🙈🤣
Rest all is good
Choose health .choose fitmeals. 👍🏻

Good work guys
Bad packaging
didn't get my order yet!
Fitmeals cafe gives you an option to chose from the wide varieties on the menu. So we ordered Mexican food bowl and grilled chicken in BBQ sauce. It got delivered within the specified time. The quantity of the food is great!! The appearance of the bowl was really appetising. Chicken was well cooked and had the right amount of flavour. It’s best cafe to chose if you wanna go healthy but yet not lose out on the taste! 😁
Healthy food for the win . Must check out their plans :)
The food is nom nom.

The service is top notch . Friendly peeps.

Customised diet plans available to cater all dietary needs. Overall a catalyst to get you back on track and in shape.
