
Visited this place a couple days before with my husband and my brother. We ordered Chiku Juice, Chocolate shake and Anar juice. Anar was a bit bitter probably due to the presence of seeds. Nonetheless, it was tasty. Chocolate shake and Chiku juice were the highlight and were simply amazing. Would love to visit the place again.
Strawberry 🍓

This is a dedicated Juice only center and it lives up to by the name it has.. Totally hygienic and a variety of juices, milkshakes, ice cream and ice golas to offer

Tried for the Strawberry juice and it was great.. No sugar added 8-)
Healthy juice center is near bogulgunta cross roads..this area is an hub for veg delicasies be it chats ,juices ;pizzas, ice creams or south indian food..

Just a casual visit here and found this place very good in terms of ambience and cleanliness..

Choose to have ...
Litchee punch...vanilla ice cream blended with litchee fruit was an passable thing for unknown reasons there was ice particles in the shake which i found it to be odd...

Seethaphal juice...perfect in taste and absolutely excellent...

Overall a nice and decent place for you juice cravings....
Healthy juice centre - not sure how much it stands by its name. Located at bogulkunta cross roads of abids , this place is in between many small food courts. We had mango juice and mixed fruit juice. While mango was good , mixed fruit juice was more of grape and less of other fruits which made it very sour. Haven't seen any special health drinks which we won't be finding in a normal juice store.
On my way back home from hitech city, i stopped by this place to have juice. It was weekend and took time to place an order. After a while i ordered cranberry mojito. It was served good with mint leaves and lemons in it. But it seemed it was too expensive. Overall a very decent place to be.
It is located at Hanuman tekdi, which is a hub of street foods. Healthy juice center is a part of 'Sri Narsing', they got varieties of fresh juices on the menu.
After eating Dosa at nearby place, me and my friend were in hunt to beat the scorching heat and thirst. What couldn't be the best thing rather than a Burf ka Gola? We chose to visit this place. There are plenty of varieties on the menu and I opted for Chocolate flavour Gola. It was excellent in the terms of taste and quality. It was made up by mineral water so no worries about health issues. Healthy Juice Center also offers some delicious shakes and juices. I've tried couple of juices, all were excellent in terms of taste but...read more
Healthy juice center is located at hanuman tekdi abids besides sri raadhe chills & thrills.. order carrot juice, water melon juice, strawberry milk shake...
Carrot juice is not that gud I think they r adding water in juice...
Water melon juice is lovely and deliciousss
Strawberry milk shake is deliciousss n yummlicious..... I think prices r bit high n quantity is not up to the mark as per the prices....
