
good food

Tasty and fresh! Very good portion size! Enjoyed the food. Glad they take custom instructions seriously and do it perfect! Thanks again ❤️
omlette and sauteed veggies were good. bread was a bit stale and hard. cut fruits were decent!

Very nicely done..loved the custard fruit bowl...


Requested not to add onions, however it was not done.
need to add more fruits, The bowl contains more papaya and few pieces of banana and apple
Amazing



Worst experience

Lettuce, Lettuce, more lettuce 🥲
I had ordered rice earlier but this time quality was really bad . Also portion size was less compared to last time .
fruit salad pappay and watermilan two items are served west restaurant










I ordered bread omlettee.
they delivered some pasta


club sandwich was not at all upto normal standards
involve different types of brochil or some other veggies getting bored eating daily those veggies could u change the veggies for 2 days ?

Worst ever I had smoothie

If you crave for something healthy & wholesome, this place is recommended. They have multiple items & juice at reasonable price. Must try Chicken stragonoff & chicken club sandwich
fruits doesn't taste fresh

Bread is very hard making the sandwich tasteless

not getting more veg in food

food was tasteless and too expensive for what was delivered.

Zomato, please provide the option that one can give a negative rating as well.
considering the food quality that I have received, the 1 star rating is very much for this order.

less fruits and more custard, only a few fruits are used










add some more fruits thens it's awesome

Everything is good about this restaurant.. the quality, quantity, and taste everything is just superb




Chicken ceaser salad Soo good! Thank you

Yummy custard 💜
received incorrect salad ordered chicken but it's not chicken salad



The food was stinking terribly
There were not much nuts as it usually have
all time my favourite food

the first iam giving 5 start.. ppl like eating with good protein this is best place... simply loved it 😍






Less quantity
bread is really hard and wasn't hot enough.










expected real berries, but got some berry sauce instead
should have given more fruits
Quality Juice made of fresh fruits. Price point is bit expensive.



You have sent wrong item man. what the hell
Bad salad, spilled cheese, bad taste, feels like vomiting.
Chicken is not fresh and it’s not professional way of arranging the things inside the box. Not satisfied


Honestly telling this is not the first i am ordering from here prior last time food was not good as it was late in the night thought there would be some issue but now its still worse than previous and also customer know the amount what exactly it does not mean that if there is issue with food get back to the user and check it out or else check out with the person who had prepared that out of 600 if you are 160 rs does it really makes any sense



there was 4 small pieces of chicken!!!!!!


Worth for health!!!!
Awesome!


Even they didn't send Cutlery to eat food & Tomato ketchup for Shawarma. I have paid 600 Rupees for this Bull shit?

Too sweet, who adds salt in Fruit cream
the whole bowl had only muskmelons that too they weren't tasting good.
Felt like the chicken in the sandwich was stale.
I found more mushrooms in chicken stroganoff rice instead of chicken
it was good but too much letus




Best for people who are in diet. The prefect quantity of food is served with proteins in it.

there is no packing at all just an open juice

Only bread no chicken
please follow instructions, requested not to add onions but my sandwich has lot of onions..and for club sandwich filling needs to be more.. it was like normal sandwich..

testy
Stale smell is coming from the juice.Disgusted
The Salad had hair in it.

Please check for quality




food was worst


There was no celery and spinach in the detox drink. Only banana apple and yogurt






delivery too much late
sandwich wasn't not at all good

Tasteless and 70% of water only in this carrot juice.
good


delivered pineapple juice instead of orange🤦‍♀️
Variety of fruits can be included. Price could be a little less. Somewhere around 30 to 40 more was charges for this



Salad is cold. They used items from freezer directly
Bad taste and cool food
wasn't good taste this time

I've ordered couple of times and this time it isn't satisfactory









Less Oats


rotten pineapple juice



more veggies can be added, i expected more chicken as well but very few pieces were there.
delivery boy not professional and asking for hotspot and all

expensive,
testy
banna have half bottle
missed fruits, less fruits added

kiwi, dragon, pine apple, banana, orange,






description given has brown rice but order received has normal rise . I don't understand why this level of cheating



worst not more fruits in the bowl wast of money
I mentioned not to out mayo but saw it was overly use in salad
I ordered watermelon juice and they sent watermelon mixed with some other fruit. This happened for the second time now.
taste was bland and food was a bit cold










The food was nice but not value for money
testy




Omelettes are good but the sandwiches are bad, tasteless and flavourless. Chicken in them in undercooked, Which is unhealthy.
Definitely not worth the price


We ordered 3 slices sandwiches but we received only 2 slices sandwiches we received wrong food this is very disappointing service from you 😡😡😡😡



more than half of the ice tea was spilled



Perfect Breakfast. Light yet filling. The cut fruits were fresh, omelette properly seasoned, good portion of sautéed veggies on the side and toasted bread, I really loved it.
Will definitely order again.



Fruits are not good in taste..waste of money
Pretty good

Paneer was little bit under cooked



Worst quality and the food is not good


taste is not good, looks like the coffee is made in hurry


food is not good






I'm a big fan of custurd fruit bowl in 100N. today completely disappointed. they added spoiled fruits into it.





Meal was not hot

not made properly
strawberry milkshake is very bitter





Used spoiled fruits unable to drink, wrost experience ever had










I ordered only omlet. But he sent fruits and bread along with that which I'm not feeling happy. Other item is ok. But my concern is only in that omlet item.





amazing'

Toast could have been better



small quantity of vegetables and fruits
ok

i love the breakfast menu

Too late to receive
horrible watermelon and paneer



i have ordered custard fruit bowl with mixed dry fruits.
they did not serve with dry fruit topping.

if they increase the quantity with same quality, will attract more





Taste is not good at all. Food smells bad
Spinach omelette and fruits are fine but Smoothie taste is worst..
good




I dont know who has done it but being a customer who pays money to get proper service, I feel I have been cheated by Zomato and 100N. I have recieved only half the bottle of juice I asked for. What kind of pathetic service is this??
Extremely disappointed and will not be ordering from this outlet ever again!!





Good and tasty food. Items are pricey .






portion was good but taste less not satisfied
The chicken in the salad smelled like raw chicken. The dressing wasn't good either.

Chicken is not cooked properly and it’s not tasty at all.

good food,




Don’t follow instruction badly cooked sandwich




Added sugar
Gauva juice did not have any gauva taste






I asked for cutlery.. and I mentioned it .
how am I supposed to eat salad without fork..
disappointed
Sandwich was soggy.

Bevarshi
quality of fruits were bad







great food, asked for no pineapple in the wrap but found plenty anyway xD. still a great wrap though




good for health

received egg sandwich instead of chicken sandwich
Everything was so good. I enjoyed the food.

fruit bowl.. nothing much they gave..only some of the fruits.repeated and it is High cost.

badhiya bahut hi badhiya





Club sandwich they added only raw cabbage.
We ordered custard fruit bowl init I can see only papaya
#notvalyeformoney



I loved it and just price is little over.
The guava fruit is hard and it wasn't sweet. left a horrible taste and cream is very less!



The sandwich is not fresh and is very hard to eat

the best. also prepare tasty diabetic friendly breakfast/lunch/dinner menu
Not at all value for money . Highly disappointed


custard taste wasn't good and served with raw banana
It’s fruit chaat and not cream






falafel was stale
The food was extremely stale and smelly!
I puked at the first bite and had to throw away the bbq chicken sandwich






Till date I have never had such worst sandwiches


make tasty food for diabetic people.

innovate with food




Very bad experience custard fruit bowl is not at all worth to buy in 100N

classic fruit bowl was spot on ,no added sugar and no added salt and was fresh . really good experience .thanks


Pure and Excellent Quality

The was too sweet and was diluted.
Not all fruits are tasting good in the creamy fruit bowl, guava is not a great addition to it. You could add grapes or seasonal fruits like mango instead.


Fruits were very less for the amount paid
Not good

Always fav

bit expensive in zomato







chicken Stragonoff does not have chicken only extra chicken toppi is provided with much gummy liquid. portion is not enough for one person. cost is 379 it's cheating. i used many other restaurants doing well in same area.
taste is worst
taste
amazing food


I tried detox juice n Omlet. I caught viral fever n was admitted to the hospital for 5 days. It's been a week since I haven't recovered from cough.
One of the worst places.





there was a bug in the box of sandwich

good



with raw banana and juice are made. taste like eating raw banana

grape juice is so bad and bitter can't even drink

Orange juice tastes and smells bitter and little spoiled

horrible taste
weird fruit combinations with custard.
very little quantity...not tasty

I mentioned that add green chilli in omelette, bt there is no green chilli in it, nd also this is not masala omelette
custard is full powdery, not tasteful



Good food


item missed
price is a little high. rest is good. i am a regular customer ..looking forward for offers and more. keep up the good work.
Pls don't add sugar to the juice. I expected beetroot and ginger juice to be tasted exactly how it should rather than some sweetener added to it. You can put sugar or without sugar as options for juices in the menu.




U will pay the full amount plus zomato fees and u get half quantity.

Food was an excellent test. Chicken brown rice and juice i like most. Service was too fast. My fast choice of casterd fruit 🍑 🥣 bowl.


Delicious and fresh 💕

It is very salty, i have ordered previously from the madhapur branch but the
Taste is quite different

no chicken toppings extra added, salad not good
Fruits were not fresh once
unhealthy


Extremely very good...
Taste buds activated with the taste




received chicken , i had ordered panner



the taste was bad
Not fresh

tastes good. But, it became soggy and the edges were not cut so it became hard!
great food
no dry fruits added only two fruits given

waste money
I got food poisoning



Because of the late delivery

You have to seal with stickers the lid. Why because I received less quantity . Lid seal is mandatory.

worst food not freshly made to ice cold I don't recommend to order here for healthy food



please prepare fresh..it was stinking



the banana juice was only half filled


Amazing salad

not much fruits available in the box, most of the part covered with ice cream only.

Bad taste.
No salt or chutney. The food has degraded.




Never before ever after
🙏🙏🙏 Please remove this item from your menu.. That would be greatful





really gud behaviour delivery boy i like lot this guy

lovely!
muskmelon juice was too thin than needed n Gauva juice 🥤 was too thick to even suck by straw, sugar was not getting mixed also that much foamy n all it was.. muskmelon juice 🧃 I felt I am jst drinking water.. not at all liked or happy with the over-all both drinks experience

only packaging I liked that's it, of bottle n cover

not at all satisfied,after this experience I might not even feel like ordering

yummy
Went for dining today. Ordered orange juice and oat meal. But they have given me imported orange juice which is on the higher price side. They should have told me that indian oranges are not available When I was ordering instead they said they are giving imported oranges. How would any customer know if the oranges are not in the stock. You should take confirmation from customer giving out an another product. The online ordering is cheap surprisingly rather than the dining in option. It is pricey menu and quantity is very less.
But the taste is really good.

Ambience 3/5
Food 5/5
Staff 2/5
Cost 1/5

Overall 3/5

sent damaged items and it's getting bad smell..
good
amazing !!




please eliminate the pulp. sieve the juice properly

Chicken and veggies are not atol fresh
Order was not delivered

Got completely different delivery, just soups instead of food.



not used much varieties

bread is too much roasted

Waste of buying don’t buy
It Was So Delicious, Quality and Quantity of this product was so amazing, Completely satisfied
Thanks for this wonderful Sandwich 🥪



It was delicious 😋
Super tasty


Watermelon juice came for with bad smell .
Restaurant should atleast inform if the brown bread or multigrain bread is not available. Also if they are charging then it should be kept available no matter what, cause the customer is paying for it extra.
Got plastic inside the food
Worst
total money was waste for me worst quality
very good taste
Great taste and portion size
u told order arrive at 10:28.i received order at 10:30..and u made scam

Very tasty and good quantity.
not giving proper fruits



Added sugar inspite of mentioning in instructions.



Today they given pine apple is destroy

Ordered Paneer Sandwich and Custard Apple juice. Sandwich was okay, juice was great. Service is awesome. Seating arrangement is not that good. Would definitely recommend.
not good
Banana is hard to eat
The filling should be spread to the edges as well.

The caesar salad seems stored and chilled and not fresh, and even the cherry tomatoes are wrinkled. The sauces are going stale.
Dhandam raa Swamy mee 100N vaallaki and Zomato Vaallaki


Worst day by day
quantity is not as promised by restuarant
its so delicious 😋 loved it
try adding more quantity

fruits are not fresh and pomeogrante is getting smell
not flavourful

try to provide more quantity otherwise the taste was nice


Food is good



less quantity of vegetables
worst sandwich I ever had
food is not up-to the mark, mentioned detail is totally different from the delivered one
I feel like got less quantity today
worth for money, all are fresh
good

Not received




brown rice not cooked right

the juice is very sour...and salty very bad taste
good

BBQ chicken sandwich was yummy but I feel it was expensive for its taste.

more iceburg added than other veggies

very good


how the items would be delivered shouldnt be misleading given that the customer is paying high price for these items.





Feels like water! Shittiest quality



the taste is to bad wast of my money
The restaurant first said that my order was delayed and then did not deliver it at all
loved it
worst!!!

Waste of money

instructions are not followed.. sent me papaya even when I specifically mentioned to not include it

over ripped fruits lightly spolied odur



the quality of this item is reduced. I used to order before as well but quality was good. now it's reduced. improvement is required

Super good 👍🏻 💯
watermelon juice is good but expensive
Delivery boy was rude
super meking and delivery time is good
both items are bad. given food remained from refrigerator. not the quality food. taste as expired
Quantity insufficient


tast is not good

it was not at all cold nor the taste was good


dis not deliver carrot juice and the restaurant partner was very rude and pushing the blame on the customer and delivery partner when the delay and missing item was from the restaurant side
This the first time of me trying brown rice as well as stroganoff. I don't know brown rice separately but this combination really works for me. There was good amount of chicken in the stroganoff with additional mushrooms. The creamy gravy of the stroganoff coated every grain of the brown rice.
Nice

Try to add value to your product, only asking more price will not serve the purpose. You should have repeating then only your market will grow.
I am sure, I will not order fr here

It was good
good

delicious custard, just 😋 yum

Isn't it common sense to pack juices in leak-proof way?



excellent



Sandwich was cold
Great food and a very healthy option. Staff is very warm and customer friendly. Highly recommend for someone who prefers healthy and tasty food.
Quantity ia reduced. Not as usual quantity.
bread is supposed to be crispy bt we got soggy feels like eating raw lamb peice....juz a suggestion gotta change packaging style..pack bread separately...nobody likes eating raw lamb except Chinese
food not delivered but app says delivered
the juice we ordered not good .. with me something like cheating i ordered of 219 ₹ and the material they send of only 25₹..please take care of it and i want my money back
I cannot find help option on Zomato

good
average
Worst customer service.

Went for a breakfast when no other customer was there so no rush. Server told 10 mins for a juice but kept me waiting for 35 mins only to say 10 more mins. During this whole time they were preparing juice and other items and giving to Zomato and swiggy pickups.

love the food

excellent zomato. offer section could have more


:(



it's not fresh fruits
not cool
lovely taste and on time delivery



veggies arw not at all fresh
worst quality and taste
Clear address directions were given but still these delivery guys call asking which building

not satisfied with this order


Juice smells very bad.. seems not fresh fruits. Very disappointed.



Please enable minus rating for this restaurant. It deserves that. Even 1 is over rated.
fruits should be bit smaller in size otherwise taste is yummy
only 3 fruit items that to many pieces of banana 2 small pieces apple and poppya 4 pieces. it's worth maximum 50 rupees but you charged 177.is it make sense?.Totally fraud restaurant
..please don't buy any item from this store .I am totally un happy 😊..
Not given ketchup packets
quantity too less only two small piece bread not as shown in photo






Pineapple is not ripe enough

Took a lot of time to prepare food.


guava juice wasn't good, the guava was completely unripe giving a sour taste.
Normal

😶 Will never ever order again!
the sandwich was cold and hard
Delayed delivery
Sent me a unripe papaya. We are paying premium price to receive the best quality fruits.
Great food, good taste





Bad taste
tasteless. the shake is too thick!


Nice

The taste was very bad


Really loved the taste of melony..
Thanks for the tasty melony

taste is normal not that much good
Nice food
Nice food


Worst taste
veggies are at all fresh
Stale food
Seed in custard and will having custard it hurts so badly in mouth so will making plz check ur fruits properly bcz we are paying u the r8 amount for what ur serving

good
mentioned not to add apples due to allergy but it was added


very bitter , unable to drink

in veg classic sandwich I have found egg pieces, it's really horrible
Nice tq


packaging is really good


it's very horrible

Wrong delivery

I asked pineapple fruit bowl..... but they sent pineapple juice......
no other fruits were seen except papaya.

You guys are amazing!! This was one of the best Chicken Stroganoff's I've ever had. Thank you.
bad test
Pathetic taste ever,

would love to try this 100N again and again.


very soggy



packing is very poor. It need to be inproved
Kindly send the complete order. It’s very disappointing to not receive the complete order and if you feel compensation through a refund would do then pls know it doesn’t work.
For the price, it’s definitely worth it.




Worst it is very hard


not as before


fast delivered
food was stale
no dryfruit as mentioned in Menu and the custord is not upto mark
..
worst taste and no veggies at all
I asked for a fruit bowl not a custard one

Horrible horrible
omelette is bad in taste fruits is good according to price not satisfied 👎
Great taste and healthy combination..😋🤘🏻
Taste is average. Quantity is sufficient for two people.

don't try this at your home
Glass of juice is deceiving, in reality it is plastic glass. Please be realistic.


Both sandwiches tasted exactly the same!

nice
Don’t forget to try this…
Filling n tasty 👅
excellent







Worst sandwich I ever ate
it's tasty
don't order this salad. worst experience.
they will add only bread 🍞& green leaves 🍂that's it. cost 231 rs..

i was given all items mixed it was shown seperatly in the picture
The restaurant took too long yo prepare the food


Worst



Would be great if we can see calorie info in menu



excellent salad


Found insect in the papaya bowl
order was too late

found plastic piece in sandwich


It was very tasty & got it in time promised

Not a worth order!
1 sandwich at this price is terrible. portion is not at all sufficient.

Food is quite healthy and best for people who wishes to maintain their health. I often order from 100N and also visit the place many times. It's a good spot for hangout too



Preparing very slowly…
It took 50 min to reach my destination.
Packing is not good
yes delicious
Good however packing can be better

food is not good
Salad needs more veggies

too much price
Tasted pretty good to me. A classic simple sandwich. Nothing too fancy or extraordinary but pretty standard. And the packaging was excellent too.

Why you changed your sandwich recipe
??

tasty and healthy..Keep continue!
Actually, I feel this place provides the quality food...


brown rice is not competly cooked..rest is g ood
fruits are less in quantity
pineapple popaya only they added I was ordered mix frtut box
goid

Good ambience great food… particularly for sandwiches and juices … the menu is on the healthier side so be mindful of your expectations.. if you’re looking for healthy snacking this is the perfect place

If you like it you like it. It’s not for everyone and I myself don’t feel like I can eat it often.

packaging was good. taste was OK
Ordered without Ice. so, they ensured the dilution by adding warm water. Unacceptable.
Taste is not good.
delivery its very important..... tqu so much fr fast delivery
A little too heavy with the mayo..but everything else is good
your contact details are wrong
Pineapple is bad in taste
totally Unripe fruits
perfect
prices are bit high 😉

there are no fruits added like watermelon or sapota.
unripen fruits added. wasted the bowl.

Nice and neat
Added too much of bread, Caesar salad will not contain bread
excellent delivery guy
Why do you call yourself healthy when you had to put so much mayo
absolutely cold one... cabbage is not fresh.. some bad smell is comming...
forgot chicken
Put less bread in salad...rather put in chicken pieces instead
food is good but contact number of the restaurant is not available. i tried to call them for some preparation directives for food but unable to reach out to them
ordered veg and have received non veg
not fresh , stale fruits
Bananas were raw, pineapples raw not fully ripe,consistency of cream was not great
Except cabbage nothing much in salad. Need more vegetables in veg salad
not much good, taste is watery. not like the pure pomegranate juice.
Quality is really good. good hygiene and proper packing.
The quantity is very less & not sufficient for even 1 peraon.......
what is this hair is coming with delivery iam not satisfied
Fruit bowl is very good. Portion would have better. All fruits are not in the same quantity.
An amazing experience! Anyone who doesn't try this fruit bowl is missing out on life. SUPER FRESH cut fruit in bite sized pieces, lightly mixed with just the perfect amount of cream. The cream is just enough, so as to not overpower the sweetness of the fruits. The addition of lightly roasted dry fruits just brings in an added earthy crunch. 4.5 ⭐/5 ⭐
Worst salad ever had, and my stomach got upset , please don’t pramote this restaurant
really happy and thank you looking forward for ordering more.
Taste was nice and potion of food was small and they I requested chicken toppings but they send me veg toppings
Best in salads.. I loved the good and for sure I would recommend others to taste this delicious food from 100N.. 😍👌🏻
Good taste and package
Will definitely visit the store soon!
The chicky juice was prepared with raw chiku and had a really bad taste.
Pls put less pineapple the the fruit bowl from next time.Thank you.
Basically dry sandwich with no Mayo or coleslaw etc. just some lettuce and onions between bread slices
no tasty at all,, slow service,,,who put mint chutney n mayo together in sandwich 😡😡
recieved the juice in plastic bottle instead of glass
they claimed it as cold pressed juice but very diluted. pointless.
no bill provided and not packed well and taste is not good green apples are spoil the taste
wow what a sandwich i never expected this kind of this sandwich thanking you 100N chef
Best salad I had till now which makes me happier each time I Have it..😍
Taste less both
Juice is very bad and watermelon is sweetless
the sandwich was very bland. did not taste fresh either.
Too much salt the food is very hard to eat
Please look after this issue
didn't receive the watermelon juice in glass bottle as shown. it was sent in a plastic glass with normal lid.
the food is extremely spicy although i had specifically asked not to make spicy. the food is not edible
Very bad salad. Humongous pieces of veggies not at all flavourful
That grave mixed with rice because of that food was not tasty and also i requested them to give separate
super dite food... I'm taking from last 1 month regularly, ultimately taste and if this restaurant keep more stuff like fish and egg rich then it will be so good
Quality and healthy juices lil bit priced but suits for their quality
take too much time for hand over the food to Zomato valet

who puts grilled bread in salad...Are you nuts...I would have given negative rating to the salad
The best as usual!!
I have been super regular in ordering from you guys and the quality remains exactly the same!
Need to add more vegatables in veg salad. As we got only 3 varities of vegetables which is not suitable.
are u fooling with a bread salad rather than a chicken salad?

Awesome menu. Chicken Stroganoff is a must try dish. Salads are also very well served and quite tasty. S
Egg club sandwich also tastes good 😋
Firstly I realy love the title 100N. It means 100% natural. For the health freaks and even foodies can definitely visit this place. They have wide variety and healthy options of juices, smoothies etc. Other than that they also have meals like brown rice with chicken, healthy sandwiches in nonveg and veg, salads etc. Overall i really loved the place.

For the ambience, i can vote this place for the most instagrammable place in hyderabad. I love the color scheme they used to brighten up the place which is pastel yellow and white. For the people who love taking pictures definite visit this place.

I tried,

loved the food. Really Enjoyed it papaya Fruit bowl is delicious
It was my breakfast. As usual filled with good amount of chunky paneer pieces. Taste on point!! Loved it. Keep feeding us with such simple healthy food.

I was out for some work and thought to take a break from some work. It was my Me time and I ordered some juice and paneer sandwich.

Juice was pure, tasty and healthy. So was the sandwich it was very filing, simple and just perfect.

I liked the concept and the place. Everything seem to be working out for me...food was good...place was simple and the service was also perfect. All in all a must try place.
I was coming my way back home from work when I noticed this place and decided try out the breakfast menu with a grilled chicken club sandwich and watermelon juice. My add on was the classic fruit salad mix. I loved the sanitized, clean and prompt service. Staff was friendly. Food was good and a great quantity. Location is great, near Kondapur signal Nisum building. Ambiance is great, decor is great. Loved it. Please provide your insta handle, I want to tag you there.


loved the food. Really Enjoyed it papaya Fruit bowl is delicious
It was my breakfast. As usual filled with good amount of chunky paneer pieces. Taste on point!! Loved it. Keep feeding us with such simple healthy food.

I was out for some work and thought to take a break from some work. It was my Me time and I ordered some juice and paneer sandwich.

Juice was pure, tasty and healthy. So was the sandwich it was very filing, simple and just perfect.

I liked the concept and the place. Everything seem to be working out for me...food was good...place was simple and the service was also perfect. All in all a must try place.
I was coming my way back home from work when I noticed this place and decided try out the breakfast menu with a grilled chicken club sandwich and watermelon juice. My add on was the classic fruit salad mix. I loved the sanitized, clean and prompt service. Staff was friendly. Food was good and a great quantity. Location is great, near Kondapur signal Nisum building. Ambiance is great, decor is great. Loved it. Please provide your insta handle, I want to tag you there.

I was coming my way back home from work when I noticed this place and decided try out the breakfast menu with a grilled chicken club sandwich and watermelon juice. My add on was the classic fruit salad mix. I loved the sanitized, clean and prompt service. Staff was friendly. Food was good and a great quantity. Location is great, near Kondapur signal Nisum building. Ambiance is great, decor is great. Loved it. Please provide your insta handle, I want to tag you there.

I was coming my way back home from work when I noticed this place and decided try out the breakfast menu with a grilled chicken club sandwich and watermelon juice. My add on was the classic fruit salad mix. I loved the sanitized, clean and prompt service. Staff was friendly. Food was good and a great quantity. Location is great, near Kondapur signal Nisum building. Ambiance is great, decor is great. Loved it. Please provide your insta handle, I want to tag you there.

