awesome taste
nothing
ok

taste is good
Totally tasteless
No salt, no spice, and bread was sweet. Never had such tasteless omelette
the bottle was squeezed and damaged.

The tea tasted like it was burnt

I've complained about chai quality to their kondapur outlet too and then the owner was starting to tell me the maching process to make this fine product. wow

the packing did not match the image

I went with my pals, we had classy experience.. Great customer service...!! So many healthy options  such as fit tea for healthy freaks & so on...!  sandwiches are just yummmmm.... Pizza pockets are filling and to my surprise they have ayurvedic and healthy shakes... Must try option... would love to revisit again and again
Chai lovers can really enjoy. Pretty good place with seating availability. Taste is delicious,i recommend to visit😊
I promise you will have good tea time and can experience the utmost best service
Awesome taste .. one should try and enjoy the authentic taste of indian chai.
Excellent place to relax and have a fresh coffee
Multiple varieties of tea/coffee snacks available
Are you a Chai lover please visit this FIT chai branch and experience the most authentic chai. …More
One of the best chai shop in kondapur, raghavendra colony area. Do try their fit chai!!
Went there for a omellate. It was good and quick service
Worst service i got till now 😔 it's better to not to get anything from there
Worest tea and taste is also not good

Nice coffe and relaxation ... Good service

The taste was awesome and healthy too....👍

Tried Golden milkshake and tulasi milkshake !!!
Worth drinking !!!

Wonderful tea !!! Loved it

Varieties of tea are available.  They mainly focus on your calorie needs and to keep your body healthy. Staff is good. Parking is available for both cars and bike. Price is reasonable.  Ambience is OK. They are not regular teas.

I just stumbled upon this on my way to home. The name is perfect for their menu. If anyone wants to try something different with health benefits as perks. I recommend it.

It's yammi tea.....! I felt very happy after having a nice Tea....! Thank you fit chai....!

Must try golden milk very taste and healthy

Super healthy and tasty fitchai
