the shake has spilt out and also the portion size is so less


The dish was okaish & desereved a 4* but the staff was very rude & uncooperative.
fast delivery and delivery agent is good 5 star








its not like shake just a water mix and over loaded coffee waste taste we cant even drink


waste less portions
at least keep the full amount






Milk was spoiled and they gave half bottle only

very bad delivery boy
good

it was like a milkshake not thickshake







no ice pack ice cream was fully melted
I have never tasted such horrible hot chocolate and peach ice tea in my life. Peach ice tea tasted sour and fermented.
wrost taste this is not a mistake shake just taste water


no straw and cutlery all leaked
There was barely coffee in classic cold coffee. Could only taste Caramel and Vanilla!
It’s so good and tastes the same everytime the same. Always love it. Quantity was reduced but quality remains same.

They did not give me a straw. Wth

The shake was very tasty but a bit too sugary.

wrist packing


this one milkshake or water may be water they send water



the thick shake became milkshake
Melted icecream

Quantity was literally half of the jar, totally not worth the money, disappointed by the packaging. It was all melted
spilled out




The coffee had gone bad, caused severe stomach upset

super
ok
taste was not upto the mark
Mango Milkshake was not upto the mark.
It was more of a Vanilla Milkshake.

i ordered with add on choco chip but i couldnt find any choco chip



Very waste when r selling for half price quality should b good it’s very bad taste is worest and not thick at all it’s like sugar and milk





Too much sugary

no straw was provided
didn't receive the straw
milkshake is just sweet
i am getting only sugar taste in this milkshake, not at all worthy
tried this flavour for 1st time and I loved it ✨








Received only half of the bottles
There is no Pipe


ordered large glass but the bottle was half filled
quantity too less


the milkshake was quite thin, and they did not add the chips add-on either.

It was ok

Worst do u guys even put hazelnut in ur drink or just send milk and ice?


not good taste

they give less quantity as compared to what they give in the physical store
Gave me the wrong shake





Packing for delivery is horrible. The bottle needs to be sealed for delivery. Every small restaurant has common sense to do that nowadays so it’s tamper free.

packaging is horrible by the time i opened the packet it spill all over me
It doesn't taste anything near like chocolate. The worst I have ever drank.
Horrible, even though I requested to not add sugar, they added lot of sugar and overall taste was very bad



Overall experience was poor. Very poor quality did not expected this from KEVENTERS

I want Refund because I am not satisfied with the order



I ordered combo and 1 bottle had full quantity and the other is just half!

The taste is not at all good. artificial sweetener has just killd the flavour of sitaphal. and it tasted bitter in the end. not at all worth the price.

so taste.. I like that milkshake.. yummy😋😋😋



Worst shake ever I had, never ever recommend



good
milkshakes are leaking, which spoiled our clothes and our bag



The preparation for one cold coffee took more than an hour. The taste was decent but the excessive time taken killed the mood

Worst packing bottle came without seal, may be a chance the package may get torn at the bottom while handling..




i ordered large size shake and received regular one
it is not hot chocolate fudge exactly.. the almonds are not crushed and no hot chocolate just a little chocolate sauce and brownie(which should not be there)





We ordered Rose Falooda Sundae in which there is no proper topings and the rose pelletes for which we order this, its really a bad experience and didn't expect this, kindly check into these kind of issues



Order is delayed for an hour
Pathetic. Disappointing. Unprofessional.
The quantity they sent was only half of the container
It took 1 hour for delivery for a single
milkshake order
Special instructions are faild

large cold coffee was orders and they delivered half bottle, shame on the fraudsters
The quality is really good… but the quantity is quite confusing.. the last three times I ordered the milkshake is only a lil above half the bottle.. don’t know if that’s the promised amount or if it’s not just filled well enough for deliveries


Lovely

Quantity is very less

I got the delivery 7 minutes late


not that good. expectation was a bit high as I have tried this same thing many times. but overall it's nice
Late delivery

Bad taste
Great packaging. Coffee was still Coold when it was delivered and tasted superb!

all melted very bad
Ice cream was melted and couldn’t eat it at all!
Old hard chocolate lumps inside!
the quantity was way less
hi
Awesome
quantity is not inline with Price. shouldn't wort even 75 INR.

leaking
worst

I didn’t receive 2 items

thx uh so much ❤️



nice
Great delivery guy! Had to unnecessarily make him wait for a while but he was patient enough
nothing special felt same like eating other vanilla ice creams. nothing special. the wooden spoon provided adds the taste of wood. plastic spoon would have been better



this was not hazelnut shake, I dunno it tasted horrible


tissues if given could be better
Awesome, Coolest person.,. He is an Asset to Zomato


Got a different flavour of the chips (Tangy Chipotle) then ordered (Peri Peri) !!

not want I ordered ice cream got melted too
The fudge(cake/thing) seemed pretty strong n unbreakable. As the name suggests its forbidden from consumption. Pls qc and serve desserts.






I tried choclate hazelnut milk shake it's yummy 🤤 and the store ambience so nice good service 🤗🎊🧋



ok

very patient
picture is no way near to what has been delivered.. quantity is very very less for the price determined.. not even 5 spoons of ice-cream

Tried My all time favourite cold coffee here it's really good . ,............. ......... ......😊😊😊

Not so great full of milk and not even getting the taste of sithaphal
I have ordered a sundae, don't be fooled bu the photo, the portion size is so small tht u won't even be able to feed your cat , the jar was not even half filled!!!!!! abv all tht taste is not as good 👎👎👎👎👎👎
sitaphal is not found in the milkshake
worst milshake i ever had
worst quality worst taste
I got the same milkshake, I ordered 3 different ones
it's not like a milk shake in Kaventers. it's like ordinary shop
received wrong item. this is the order i have placed before also but it's not the same
I thought that the nutella would be in adequate quantity but it was not. And also the brownie was not fresh, looks like it was very old and they wanted to clear out the stock.
too diluted. no point in ordering. it's no more consistent
I think the deal of the day is a scam, the taste is bad , maybe they use smaller quantity of the ingredients and fill the bottle with more foam. Avoid ordering when they run promotions.
i ordered with icecream but they didn't add it only milkshake they sent
Very bad they sent it in a cardboard box and not bottle which is shown on picture
The ice cream was good. The quantity of Guilty Sundae seemed less. I had ordered for 4 they all came in this hard paper container which was very sad as they usually give it in a container which is very convenient to keep and eat it after a little while.
They sent water instead of milkshake. No flavour of hazelnut and Oreo one was too sweet.
I just got half bottle of milkshake
am not satisfied with shake
please respond soon:)
Only half full. No fudge or nuts. Get better stuff locally
Ordered kit kat milk shake, received ground up kitkat shavings mixed in water with few drops of milk to make it white in colour. Either Keventers brand has become pathetic or this particular shop is fake.
Not worth even after discount.
the jars are half full. not sure if it's because of the offer. it's a bit disappointing to such a thing from a brand like keventers

a vanilla scope & some flakes it's a joke
what's the use of discount when already half of quantity is provided
The shake is all watery and bottles are only 3/4th full - very bad experience!
best one lovely tasty n yummy 🤤🤤🤤 we loved it nyc experience
very bad at packaging. I ordered hot chocolate. it cot cold by the time I received it.


















I love de taste of de shake...❤️❤️.........,..

.............................................


.....







Tried choco chip milk shake here its very yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmyyyy
Tried berry blost herev. It's really yummmmmmy like awe some ❤loved it. Nice to see keventers after all those long waiting....
I'm a big fan of keventers milk shake I visited this place (Inorbit mall) for the first time.
And this place became my favarate keventers shop. Love from north karnata........

Good it's was nice......................................................
............................
Visited this place with friends. It is one of the outlets on the food court level of Inorbit mall. Got a chance to try it out this time.

We ordered a Guilty Pleasure Sundae, a Chikoo Chiller and a Chocolate Oreo Ooze. 

All the 3 items came in cute jars which we can take home.

In the Sundae, there was too much chocolate but very less brownie. But it tasted good. Would have appreciated if the quantity of brownie was more.

The quality and quantity are good but the price is a bit higher. The service was good and the staff were polite.

Definitely a go-to place for a good dessert or milk shake.

I've always wondered about this place in inorbit mall at 4th floor in food court. How does these milkshakes taste and the name is not a usual name and for once i tried it. Bought 3 shakes and a cold coffee. The milkshakes were fine and good, but the coffee was best.. What i felt was the quantity should be increased a little. I found it worth a try.. The staff was responsive and quick with good manners and respect..
Simply superb...
First of all its a mediocre milkshake at best and to make it worse these guys send out incomplete product. I mean look at the pics I added, its almost 25% empty. And this is supposed to be the large they shamelessly charge 169 rupees. What kind of a service is this?
“ Just an okay milkshake store”

I’ve tried their mango milkshake at Inorbit mall after when I had a huge craving for mangoes.

The overalls shake was okay, nothing great here. Didn’t feel there was much mango in it, lots of milk and sugar covered up the taste of the mango.

Their decor was cute though, but sadly no seating as it is in a food court. I would like to try them at a proper place with seating sometime.
Got a rasmalai shake... Just got a flavoured water... Its very watery... There are hundreds of outlets serving better shakes... Avoid it at any cost...
The Best Milkshakes in town!

Rose badam for you, kitkat for me ;)

Food : 5/5
Ambiance : 😋
Service : 4/5
Value for money : 4/5

Final Verdict : Everything is a must try!!
I have ordered choco chip milk shake and also snicker blast milk shake both the shakes were very nice and also really thick...
Loved it and superb offer in the zomato.....
Snicker blast was really awesome
Got tasty milk shake
It was very thick than previous one
It’s really perfect...
Bottle of keventers is attractive
Good new launched sundaes were very nice
And apart from sundaes
I like chocolate hazelnut and snickers...
Yummy tasty...can afford for this
This place is the top recommendation for milkshakes. If you go there do try their special Oreo Chocolate shake, if you're not in mood for a chocolate shake try Rasmalai shake or Kesar Badam. They are good as well. But don't try any Sundae from here. Sundae is too sweet to handle.
Ordered Butterscotch Shake & the worst taste i have received from keventers. More or less the taste is like milk & custard powder which was named as Butterscotch. !! Not at all worth.
there was a less amount in the bottle.Felt like someone drank in between.
Service is pretty slow. The person making the shake was on a call while taking out order, making the shake. Apart from that, they still serve one of the best shakes.
Ordered 2 times from this place last month. Have tried almost all the flavors which were available for online orders. Both the time reached in time and well packed.

Coming to taste, sometimes I feel the amount of sugar is way too high and I'm some of the drinks like chocolate hazelnut and almond rose, whereas kitkat, blueberry and Oreo are the most basic one and quite decent here. Mango and red velvet are good.

Still i feel as much the price the regular one cost, it should be little thick too. Overall they give a decent quantity as per the price and the bottle is really good too but they should focus on the thickness of shake and control the addition of water and sugar in them.
The service is fast and the staff behaviour is good.
The choco chip shake was good but the cold coffee that I ordered was neither cold nor tasty.
Was in the mall for shopping and having tried keventers shakes earlier and the known name,we ordered for a large cold coffee,which was not even comparable to a street side cold coffee. It was really very tasteless and left is disappointed.
delivery boy did’nt carry the milkshakes well
the bottle was broken during his travel
Butterscotch classic shake is more like plain milk in taste with a tint of butterscotch.
The bubblegum shake is definitely better than the former one.
order was spilled
Quantity is very less and very costly
I have been drinking tasty milk shakes of Keventers CP, New Delhi. Not sure if this one is a branch or franchise of the same. Since we had the same taste in our minds, we were elated to know they have outlets in Hyderabad too. So we, visited the one in Inorbit Mall.

We tried Vanilla, Hazelnut, Strawberry. They have a huge list of flavors on the menu but a lot needs to be done to enhance the taste and improve the consistency of the shakes.

Shake are very very sweet n watery in consistency. They should make with milk & cream.            Overpriced definitely.

Nowhere matching the taste of Keventers, CP.
Always a nice experience. No doubt has good milkshakes!had Oreo milkshake and mango milkshake which was very nice. A little expensive but only for some flavours
Had to try. No up to the hype.
While other food courts are crowded i justed wanted to have something cool and this was my saviour. Best quality milkshake with good smooth taste, would be suitable to drink for all ages childrens and elders also. Tried choco hazzle and choco blast would be tring many more soon.
Keventers have nailed it!!
The concept of shakes parlour has been totally redesigned and presented by them. The bottle they serve shakes in might also be one of the reasons for one to go again and again. And the quality of shakes is top notch. Good job there!
as per the quality is good ,but in package they are not suitable for delivery
I was unsatisfied with the quality of food
Good taste.......perfect blend....👌🏻👌🏻....ordered chocoblast and choco hazelnut......just refreshing the soul in this summer.....#keventers
beautiful taste and serving
the worst milkshakes I ever had @inorbit mall. they charge more and the quality is very poor. when I questioned, they just added extra flavour to the shake and served it. Not worth a try.
Ordered thickshakes but got milk with Bournavita and Boost. Never had Such a worst thickshakes. Pathetic!!!! 😕😡
First of all i like to order milkshskes from keventers because here the most lovly shakes sre available and i like alphonso mango all over that i really like nango and in classic also like strawberry its really nice shake thaks keventers for ur lovely milk shakes
Very nice I really enjoyed the milkshakes from keventers and also very quick delivery and mango shakes are really worthable for the prices and please try to add some more flavours in classic shakes
This review may effect somebody Bcz it differs from person to person. Tasty is differs person to person.

And for me it is waste of money. I neither like their thickshake nor milkshake I tried everything it is just waste. It just taste like water. Waste of money.
nice milk shakes i and my friends ordered milkshakes we really enjoyed shakes
mainly hazelnut its so yummy shake loved it and also provide some new falvours in chocolate
the best place for milk shake very nice milk shakes
mint Oreo crumble and blueberry milk shakes I had today enjoyed milk shakes oooooooooooooo
first time I have tried strawberry milkshake from keventers I feel so good with the taste and quick service provided by keventers enjoyed the milk ,😊😊
First time I have ordered milk shake from Keventers cold coffee I have ordered I don't even imagined about the taste really I felt so excited after having this with cute bottles which will attracts and nice service
keventers milk shakes really good to have with different varieties of chocolate I have ordered chocolate Kit Kat from inorbit keventers lovely drink and nice service
Bad quality Milk Shake
really so tasty and yummy milk shakes I had in keventers Inorbit Alphonso mango so delicious shake loved it ,🤘🤘😙. and the bottles are really attractive supper supper supper supper supper
i have ordered chocolate kitkat it was really awesome and manager samdeep he is really good he have suggested me shake and very polite manager and service really good. quick service inorbot keventers thanks
the quantity was 3/4th the bottle
I was waiting to get my watch repaired and ordered an Extoic Strawbeery milkshake small, it was not so great as per the brand. i was expecting it to be on another level.

Dissappointed in it and not worth of 155 rupees .
very less quantity Nd it's half quantity ,not soo good also.it just looting of money
Good
ordered thick shakes received milkshakes
I am in love with Keventers located in CP, Delhi. Not sure if this one is a branch or franchise of the same. Since we had the same taste in our minds, we were elated to know they have outlets in Hyderabad too. So we, visited the one in Inorbit Mall and the other at the RGIA. The kiosk are cute and nicely arranged.

We tried Chocolate Hazelnut, Luscious Blueberry & Paantastic. Paantastic is a refreshing flavor. They have a fantastic list of flavors on the menu but a lot may be done to enhance the taste and improve the consistency of the shakes. 

Overall, appears to be a little setback for the shake lovers, very sweet n watery in consistency; however, people with sweet tooth will like...read more
I'm just being Frank here.. These people are charging a hell lot of money from the customers but the quality doesn't match with the cost. I have ordered Exotic Strawberry and Alphonso Mango, but had a really bad experience. while ordering only I asked whether it is made of original pulp or the flavor. The said that it is made of original pulp but the reality is totally different. It is just a combination of flavored ice cream, milk, flavor and sugar. I don't suggest this place. But not sure whether the problem is just with this outlet or the complete Keventers franchisee!!
good
Restaurant is Not good while ordering
The restaurant is charging a bomb for it's special shakes and the condition in which I received the bottles for almond coffee rose and Alphonso mango shake is beyond words. First of all, there was no packaging as such, the delivery man brought the bottles by hand, covered in a tissue paper (imagine two bottles, two straws and a bill copy at your door). Secondly, the mango shake was way below it's level (looked like somebody drank it already). Highly not exceptable for a chain like yours to provide service like this.
quantity was half of what it is
wrong order given
horrible service
Edward Keventer, a food technologist found this company. Later in 1940, it was. Ram Krishna Dalmia acquired the Keventers dairy project. In 2015 the fifth generation of Rama Krishna Dalmia hit back with the Iconic brand. Keventers have launched 6 stores in Hyderabad, Inorbit is one of the outlets. Like any other stores, it can fit into small places and run the business. They serve Thick Shakes, Classic Shakes and Fruity shakes. Ambiences of Keventers outlet Inorbit has that retro feel which attracts the customers. The Milkshakes are served in the attractive bottles and the bottle can be taken homes. This drives the customers to buy the milkshake. Keventers also have small and large...read more
good
Quantity was not even full. Over-hyped for no reason
it's milk shake not thinkshake
Not muck thick as expected
good but high rate
Thick shake was not at all thick shake. It was normal shake.
No taste at all
worst
It was like just melted ice cream.
The bottle was only filled 3/4th, unlike how we order in the restaurant. Never order from Keventers
Mint Oreo Crumble milkshake had very little mint in it. It would be better if there was a lot more mint in it, i could barely taste the mint flavor.
Cool
very much watery.. not like thick shake
Straws were not provided with the milkshake plus one of the bottle was leaking also!
we ordered for thik shake .. they delivered normal milkshake
the point of ordering a thickshake is that it has ice cream. and if you guys can't provide ice without it then what's the point?
They forgot to provide straws. The quality of the shakes were good.
Thickshaekes at keventers are lighter than normal milkshakes. I was really dissatisfied and disappointed with the service. It's my first and last time at keventers.
got just half of the bottled not a standard keventers quantity
Quality is not that great for this particular order.
not delivered
Keventers, Finally in town. Sugar free Cold coffee with Hazelnut is what I had ordered. It was mild and slightly sweet. Exactly how I wanted it.
Cheers to Keventers.
Wrong product delivered
No need to say, it is good
thick shake melted down to milk shake by the time we received
Not cold
Too sweet to be a shake n was flavourless though we chose two different flavours.It was just a normal shake with nothing apart from sugar.The way the Name is famous the taste was expected to be much better
Out of all the available options in inorbit mall, we chose Keventers for a mango flavoured milkshake.

Though it tasted good, but it was over priced for the quantity we get. Wanted to order more but disappointed by the quantity we sticked to one.

If you are okay with the price, you can definitely give a try. (You can keep the bottle for yourself though😉)
Good
A crazy and tasty milkshake is what you get here. Yes, people fall for the bottle but the contents are also as good. I tried the chocolate Hazelnut and Oreo and both were great. I should say the price is on par with the other sellers, as many feel it is costly.
Yumm shakes. We tried the oreo mint shake, classic oreo, badam milk shake and hazelnut shake. All were superb.
Must try. They serve in cute glass bottles which is easy to carry home..
Keventers didn't provide a bag for the delivery boy and the shakes weren't cool at all. we are very much disappointed with the shake
The shake was not all thick and we feel like some juice. If you continue to do the same, you better close the store.
The thick shake was if we drank plane milk which is mixed in water.
This is the quantity you provide. Amazed with the quality being degraded.
I've been having keventers for so long now, didn't expect this from Keventers atleast.
If this is what March 50 offer is about,I'd rather be happy without any offers from Zomato!
Ok Taste .., too cost not satisfied.., worst packing
Some innovative stuff in milkshakes. There's nothing a man cannot invent.

Who knew that sweets and their flavours could be turned into milkshakes so easily. Rose and rasmalai flavour milkshakes are so yummy and give you that feeling of happiness. Being a foodie one cannot say no to this stuff.

Will be back soon. Thank you keventers for creating such cute little bottles and filling them happiness!
Keventers Milkshakes are the gift from heaven that come in different flavors. It is next love. Loved it ! The best part of Keventers is the super cool glass bottles.
The shakes are good but according to quantity they are bit over priced.
Either they should increase quantity or decrease the price but the shakes are good to have.
If you are a chocolate lover then Kitkat shake is a must 👍🏻
I ordered kikat and hazelnut thick shakes. They are supposed to be called slender shakes. Quantity is like how we get in badam milk bolltle for 25 rs. It costs 155 and they gave me utter bullshit. You can't even enjoy the shake imagining the money you spent on it.
The drink was good but the price is too high for the delivered product. I had the blueberry shake and it was good. My friends had the Oreo chocolate and KitKat but the thing is, they we're exactly the same. I don't know if its due to the both of them being chocolate or something.
Tried their Chocolate Hazelnut, KitKat and Lucious Blueberry shakes. They are good but not worth compared to the other milkshake brands like Maker's of Milkshakes and Tempty's. The taste is good but they are over priced and the thickshakes are not thick.
I tried
Choco hazelnut shake
Pineapple shake ...
Its not thick or heavy. Taste wise decent but not unique. You can get the shakes very quickly here
Ok.. I will not lie, I go there to basically collect the glass bottles and in turn end up trying their milkshakes. I like them, they are thick and creamy and brings in nostalgia. The best it the quality of the shake is constant across the states. So hats off!
Recommended place for milkshake lovers. I ordered a chocolate hazelnut the consistency of the milkshake was watery and semi flavoured and too sweet.
Not upto the mark and this is specifically for the branch. The milkshakes are watery and the people responsible do not even listen to what the specifications are.
Well hesitated but tried again their choclate oreo shake at inorbit mall after my bad experience in forum mall as the shakes are watery and got management response on that they will take care of it.

When i ordered choclate oreo in orbit mall, i mentioned the one at the billing to make a thick shake almost 4 times and he noded his head and finally gave me a watery shake.

Seriously disappointed, never ever to this place, keventers again in my life.
I recommend keventers to all the milk shake lovers. Probably one of the best in the city. Almond rose and banana pine coco waste excellent. Must try.
Slightly hyped. Love their Choco chip shake, Rose and Oreo. Blueberry is also one good flavour.

They also give you the glass bottles home. They had me love them there. And free balloons too!!
I have loved the milkshake from Keventers before so when I saw it here I was beyond excited. We had ordered the Chocolate oreo, KitKat and the Choco-chip one. Though they tasted good, we felt that all of them kind of tasted the same and we couldn't differentiate. That's something which bothered me. Other than that I am happy that we finally have Keventers in Hyderabad.
